
text:Have you received any degrees ? 	labels: Yes . In 1996 I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Hebes University , and in 2001 I received my MBA degree from Peking University . 
text: How about your academic records at college ? 	labels: In fact my records were excellent . My overall GPA was 9 on a 10 scale , which was the highest in my class . 
text: That's very impressive . Which course did you like best ? 	labels: English . It was both interesting and useful , so I showed a great interest in it . 
text: Can you tell me why you changed your major when you were a graduate student ? 	labels: Because I am very interested in administration and I did take some courses in it . I also performed well in the subjects . Hence I believe that I can do a good job in this position . 
text: Did you get any honors and awards at college ? 	labels: Yes . I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year . In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize . 	episode_done:True
text: Have you decided what you're going to order?	labels: I think I want to eat a steak today.
text: That sounds delicious!	labels: I've been craving one all day.
text: You're making me crave one now!	labels: Well, we might as well order the steak now.
text: Actually, I change my mind.	labels: What are you having?
text: Shrimp pasta, it looks delicious.	labels: Do you mind if I try some of that?
text: Only if you give me some steak!	labels: Alright, it's perfect, thanks!	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m afraid we are really short staffed this week , Mr . Cranial . I ’ d like to accommodate you , but I just don ’ t think I ’ ll have the time . 	labels: Are you telling me you ’ re not going to meet with me ? 
text: Not at all , sir . I ’ d just like to push it up to next week . I ’ ll have a lot more free time at the beginning of next week . 	labels: Well , I don ’ t like it , but I guess I don ’ t have any choice . 	episode_done:True
text:The new year is coming . Is the final examination approaching . 	labels: Oh , yeah . We will have winter holiday . 
text: How are you getting along with your studies ? 	labels: Don ’ t worry , mum . I will study hard tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite sport ? 	labels: Basketball , I'm a basketball fan . 	episode_done:True
text:In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon . 	labels: Five days a week , too ? 
text: Actually , five and a half . On Saturday , we have classes only in the morning . 	labels: Gosh ! 
text: That's too much for us really . 	labels: Where are you going now ? 
text: I'm going to try to find out where the school is located . 	labels: When do you start school ? 
text: I'm going to register right now . 	labels: That's good . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , United Airlines ? This is Elizabeth parks calling . I have a reservation on the 2:30 p . m . flight to Shanghai this afternoon . 	labels: Yes , Miss Parks ? How may I help you ? 
text: Well , I ’ d like to reschedule my flight for the tomorrow morning one at 9:05 . Is that possible ? 	labels: I ’ m very sorry , Miss Parks , but the 9:05 flight is completely booked . I can put you on a waiting list if you would like . 	episode_done:True
text:eleven cars.	labels:that's terrible. i hope they catch the person.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Well , I hate to disturb you , but I really can't stand it any more . Can you change my room for me ? It's too noisy . I was woken up several times by the noise the baggage elevator made . It was too much for me . 
text: I'm sorry to hear that . This room is at the end of the corridor . It's possible that the noise is heard early in the morning when everything is quiet . 	labels: Anyhow , I'd like to change my room . 
text: I'm awfully sorry , Miss . I do apologize . We'll manage it , but we don't have any spare room today . Could you wait till tomorrow ? A tour company will be leaving tomorrow morning . There'll be some rooms for you to choose from . 	labels: All right . I hope I'll be able to enjoy my stay in a quiet suite tomorrow evening and have a sound sleep . 
text: Be sure . And if there is anything more you need , please let us know . 	labels: OK . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i teach high school english.	labels:i didn't know that.	episode_done:True
text:i think we should go out to eat.	labels:that sounds good.	episode_done:True
text: Excuse me, sir. How much for this lamp?	labels: I'll sell it to you for $50.
text: Oh, no! That's way too expensive.	labels: What price did you have in mind?
text: Maybe something closer to one fourth that much.	labels: I might as well give it away for that price!
text: What about half?	labels: That's still not enough of a profit.
text: I'll give you $30 for it.	labels: Make it $35 and you've got a deal.
text: Alright, that sounds good to me.	labels: You sure drive a hard bargain!	episode_done:True
text:I plan to emigrate to Canada . 	labels: Have you found a suitable job ? 
text: No . But it is said the welfare in Canada is very good . 	labels: But as to me finding a good job is the most important thing . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you calling about today ? 	labels: I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow . 
text: Is there a problem ? 	labels: I would like to reschedule . 
text: That shouldn't be a problem . 	labels: Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow ? 
text: So , you want it delivered the day after tomorrow ? 	labels: Yes , will that be possible ? 
text: What time would you like us to deliver it ? 	labels: Is 2:30 Okay ? 
text: Your delivery has been confirmed . 	labels: Thank you , and I'm sorry for the change of plans . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello.this is Susan . 	labels: Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend 
text: Yes , I think So . 	labels: Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . 
text: What ’ s the time ? 	labels: Six thirty , tonight . 
text: Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you 	labels: All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.	labels:that sounds wonderful.	episode_done:True
text:Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ? 	labels: Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ... 
text: Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked . 	labels: That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ? 
text: I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon.Do you think it can be done by then ? 	labels: I'll try . 	episode_done:True
text:bears are invading our neighborhoods.	labels:of course they are. they're starving to death.	episode_done:True
text:How do I set up an E-mail account ? 	labels: Oh , that's easy . Go to www.onxiu.cn . Now , click on the link with the picture of an envelope . 
text: Which link ? 	labels: That one , the one that says Mail . 
text: Oh , no . What did I do ? It's asking me for a password . 	labels: Don't worry . See where it says , New User ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Click on that . 
text: Oh , I see . 	labels: Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew . 	labels: Ok , every one asks their parents let them stay out until 2 or 3 in the morning . 
text: Well , I ’ m not everyone-else ’ s father . I think you need be in the house by ten o ’ clock . 	labels: That ’ s absurd . I know some junior high kids who can stay out later than that . 
text: I ’ ll be worried if you stay out late . 	labels: Ok , how about midnight curfew . and I'll let you know where I am . 	episode_done:True
text:What does she do ? 	labels: She works as a teller in a bank . 
text: Does she go to night school ? 	labels: Yes . She goes three times a week . 
text: Why ? What does she want to be ? 	labels: She wants to be a manager . 
text: What classes does she take ? 	labels: She takes classes in accounting and business . 	episode_done:True
text:Allow me to introduce my self.My name is Jack Black , manager of the company . 	labels: How do you do , Mr.Black ? Very happy to see you . 
text: Pleasure is mine.Here ' s my card . 	labels: Thank you , This is mine . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you meet the new girl in our sales department . She is taking the place of Maggie during her alternative leave . 	labels: Did they finally fill that post , how come I haven't seen her ? She must have not been inducted yet . 
text: I guess not , They haven't officially introduced her to the whole staff yet , she barely started yesterday . 	labels: Is she just working temporarily ? What are they going to do when Maggie comes back from leave . 	episode_done:True
text:good luck with that.	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 	labels: Mr . Smith , please . 
text: Sorry , he is out . 	labels: What time do you expect him back then ? 
text: Sorry , I am not sure . Can I take a message ? 	labels: No , thanks . I will call back later . 
text: That ’ s fine . Please call again later . 	labels: OK . Thank you . Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:What's the latest fashion of evening gown ? 	labels: The one on the manikin is in fashion now . 
text: I would like to try on one in violet . 	labels: OK , here you are . You look really attractive in that gown . 	episode_done:True
text:Why don't we get you some shirts ? 	labels: I want to leave . We've already been here two hours . 
text: But we should get you some shirts while we're here . You need summer shirts . 	labels: I would rather buy them somewhere else . 
text: Why ? They have everything here . 	labels: I don't like shopping in malls . I like shopping on the street . There is more variety . 
text: Let's just look and see what they have . 	labels: Alright . 
text: What about these shirts ? Do you see anything you like ? 	labels: The styles here are too boring for me . I told you . I like street shopping . 
text: Oh , come on ! Don't be so sour . These are beautiful shirts . I know if we don't buy some today , you will never go shopping by yourself . 	labels: Sure I would . 
text: Here . Look at this shirt . Try it on . 	labels: Do they have it in LARGE . 
text: I don't know . Let me look on the rack . Here is one . LARGE . Try it on . 	labels: Where is the fitting room ? I don't see it . 
text: The fitting rooms are over there . 	labels: Okay , I will try it on . 
text: It looks good on you . 	labels: I look like a nerd . 
text: No , it looks great.Why are you always like this when you're shopping ? You know it looks good . 	labels: Well , I don't think it's the best style for me . 
text: I think we'll buy this one . And I want you to try on this one too . 	labels: Alright . Alright . 
text: You should be happy I want you to look good.If I let you shop for yourself , you would never buy anything . 	labels: Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls . 	episode_done:True
text:what do you think of studying abroad ? 	labels: I think it's a great idea . Studying abroad will offer you plenty of new opportunities . Are you planning on going abroad ? 
text: yes , I hope so . I am studying for my BELTS right now . 	labels: which country do you want to go to ? 
text: I'd like to study in the UK , but it's really expensive . 	labels: have you applied to any schools there ? 
text: yes , I received a conditional offer from Oxford University a few days ago . 	labels: congratulations ! That's excellent news ? What do you have to do to get an unconditional offer ? 
text: I have to get an BELTS score of 7.5 overall . Do you think I can do that ? 	labels: if you study hard , I don't see why you wouldn't . Have you received any other offers ? 
text: I was also accepted into Yale University , and Sydney University . 	labels: if you're worried about money , the cost of living is lowest in America . However , if you go to Oxford University , you'll probably be able to get any job you want in the future . 
text: I just can't decide where to go . It's not an easy decision to make . 	labels: if I were you , I'd apply for some scholarships and grants before you decide . Whatever you do , I know you'll succeed . 	episode_done:True
text:so why did you get a ticket?	labels:the officer said the red hand was blinking.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ? 	labels: Can ’ t complain . And you ? 
text: Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ? 	labels: Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm really sorry , Bob . I accidentally damaged your bike . 	labels: Uh-oh . It'll probably cost a lot to fix it . 	episode_done:True
text:Why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ? 	labels: Well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight . 
text: What are they ? 	labels: One study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families . 
text: Why ? 	labels: The survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis . 
text: That makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper . 	labels: And junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat . 
text: What's that ? 	labels: Nobody exercises any more-not even kids ! The average American home has the TV on for 6 hours a day ! 
text: Wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising . 	labels: Yeah , I guess so . 
text: You should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise . 	labels: Hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds . 
text: So what happened ? 	labels: Well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to get my driver's license today . 	labels: You will have to take your driving test . Have you taken it yet ? 
text: I haven't taken it yet . 	labels: Could you fill these papers out , please ? 
text: Can I take my test right now ? 	labels: You need an appointment . 
text: I would like to do that right now , if I could . 	labels: Is Friday good for you ? 
text: That's perfect . 	labels: Okay , so Friday at what time ? 
text: The morning would be nice . 	labels: All right . Come in on Friday at 11 	episode_done:True
text:London is such a historical city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of Trafalgar in 1805 . 	labels: I ’ m looking forward to seeing Westminster abbey , where many historical figures are buried , like Isaac Newton , the great mathematician and Winston Churchill , the great wartime leader . 
text: Nearby , on the banks of the thames , there ’ s the statue of Boadicea . She fought the Romans when they invaded Britain . 	labels: Women have often played an important role in British history . Queen Elizabeth I built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588 . more recently , Margaret thatcher transformed british society in the 1980 ’ s . 
text: She was a very controversial leader . Are we going to visit the famous tower of London later ? 	labels: There ’ s a lot to see there . Perhaps we should go tomorrow . 
text: I ’ m looking forward to seeing the famous castle and prison . Many historic figures were imprisoned there in the past . I really want to see the crown jewels too . 	labels: I ’ Ve seen them before . They ’ re quite incredible . If you want to see historical figures in London , there ’ s one place you have to go . 
text: Where ’ s that ? Oh , I know ! Madame Tussaud ’ s the waxworks museum . 	labels: There you can see british leaders , entertainers , criminals , and royalty . 	episode_done:True
text:I played the video game at Mike's home yesterday . 	labels: What's it like ? 
text: It's really fantastic . The hero , Super Warrior , is so brave that he can defeat any enemies he meets . He runs through tunnels , swims under water , and climbs over bridges . It's really exciting ! 	labels: And then ? 
text: I borrowed it from Mike yesterday . Why not have a try ? 	labels: That's neat ! 	episode_done:True
text:Mum , pass me some more please ! 	labels: Tina , you should have more nutritious food.Don ' t eat these crisps any more . 
text: But the ads say they're most nutritious . 	labels: Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Dora ! What kind of books do you like to read ? 	labels: I read everything I can get my hands on but I like love stories best . What do you think about the love stories ? 
text: I hate to tell you this , but they are nothing but sob stories . 	labels: I don't think so . I like them . Then what's your favorite book ? 
text: I'm fond of history books . 	labels: Oh , the history books are dull to me . 	episode_done:True
text:How about another beer ? 	labels: No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along . 
text: Stay around for a while.The party is warming up . 	labels: I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text: Wow	labels: It's actually not that impressive. I can only run. I cannot lift weight.	episode_done:True
text:sure.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to go shopping ? 	labels: Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . 
text: Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? 	labels: I don ’ t have onions on my list . I ’ ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? 
text: Let ’ s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Here ’ s my list . Is there anything that I ’ Ve forgotten ? 
text: I think you ’ Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . 	labels: What kind of cheese do you want . 
text: I ’ m not sure . I ’ ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ? 	labels: We don ’ t have enough cash , so I ’ ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ? 	episode_done:True
text:that's disgusting.	labels:and he poured water into our glasses.	episode_done:True
text:Are you sure that this is the place to wait for our school bus ? 	labels: Yeah . Look , other kids are coming this way . 
text: But it doesn't look like a real bus stop . 	labels: That's because regular buses don't stop here . 
text: How much is it going to cost ? 	labels: Nothing . It's free . 
text: Is that yellow bus it ? 	labels: Let's go sit in the back . All the cool kids do . 	episode_done:True
text:How do your spend your time after work or in vacation ? 	labels: In my spare time , I am fond of traveling and I always take a trip with my family . 
text: But traveling is an expensive hobby , isn't it ? 	labels: You are deadly right . 	episode_done:True
text:nothing, except my favorite color is blue.	labels:maybe in your next life you'll have blue eyes.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? 	labels: It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . 
text: Where is the school cafeteria ? 	labels: It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . 
text: Where is the Computer Center ? 	labels: The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . 
text: Where is the library ? 	labels: The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ’ s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . 
text: Thank you . I will go get one . 	labels: Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . 
text: Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . 	labels: Thanks you for the encouragement . 
text: You are welcome . I ’ d better go . Goodbye . 	labels: Have a good day . Bye-Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text: So Kate, tell me about your favorite music! 	labels: I'd say my favorite music would have to be the Beatles.
text: Yeah.	labels: I love the Beatles, cause they always make me happy and I've grown up with the Beatles
text: Uh-huh, so your parents listen to it?	labels: Yeah, so we have all these old 45's when I was younger and this record player, and so we had loads of like Simon and Garfunkel and the Beatles and the Stones so that was the music I grew up listening to, and that's what I still really love.
text: Oh, awesome, and so do you like have a favorite song or?	labels: Yeah, probably it's Happiness is a warm gun which is on the White Album.
text: Yeah, right, right, cool.	labels: I love all their albums. But I haven't been to Liverpool yet. I'd like to go. That would be nice. 
text: And do you have a favorite Beatle?	labels: John Lennon, definitely. He's definitely the coolest. I like his songs.
text: Do you like his individual work?	labels: Yeah. 
text: Yeah	labels: Yeah. Some of them, like Imagine is really good. Yeah, he's definitely my favorite. Though, I quite like George as well. That was sad when he died, cause he was, yeah, he was real individual. I like Ringo, but Paul not so much. 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , Miss ? 	labels: I want to buy a bottle of perfume for myself . 
text: Well , here is a perfume kind for women . 	labels: I don't like strong perfumes . 
text: How about this Isawell's flowery perfume ? 	labels: I don't think it smells nice . 
text: Do you have green tea perfume ? 	labels: Yes , here you are . 
text: May I have a look at this ? 	labels: Sure . The bittersweet perfume has a calming effect on the nerves . 
text: I like this fragrance . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: 150 yuan . 	labels: I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:Can your dog do any tricks ? 	labels: Sure he can . He can shake hands , roll over , and even play dead . 
text: I wish I had a dog . My cat can't do any tricks . 	labels: Yeah , but sometimes Bingo wants to play with me , but I don't have time . 
text: So who takes care of him then ? 	labels: My little brother likes to play with him . He even gives him a bath every week . 
text: I can't do that with my cat . She hates water . 	labels: You know , you're right . Maybe you should get a dog . 	episode_done:True
text:Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 	labels: Sorry , I thought you knew . 
text: But you should have told me you were in love with her . 	labels: Didn't I ? 
text: You know you didn't . 	labels: Well , I'm telling you now . 
text: Yes , but you might have told me before . 	labels: I didn't think you'd be interested . 
text: You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ? 	labels: Sorry , I didn't think it mattered . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't mind.Political science is really interesting to me.	labels:You would be graduating a year late?	episode_done:True
text:It's very kind of you to come and see us off . 	labels: My pleasure.What a pity you have to leave so soon ! 
text: We would stay longer . but I've got to attend a meeting tomorrow morning . Thank you for your warm hospitality . 	labels: You're welcome . Maybe next time we'll come to see you . 
text: My wife and I will look forward to it . 	labels: I promise the next holiday I have we're coming to visit . Oh , what's your flight number ? 
text: lt's Flight No . 302 , Northwest Orient Airlines . 	labels: They just announced the boarding call . 
text: Then we've got to get going . 	labels: OK . Bon voyage and a safe landing . 
text: Thank you again for all your help . 	labels: Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:We're thinking about going to America . 	labels: Have you thought about the cost ? 
text: There is that . 	labels: I believe it'll be very expensive . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best . 	labels: Sounds not bad ! You know , the only thing I worried about is the safety . I ’ m not an active exerciser and my muscle may be not strong enough for such an intense sport . 
text: Well , Then you can go to the three-day-long training camp first . There ’ re some professional teachers and they can guide you to do certain necessary exercise . 	labels: I will think about it . 	episode_done:True
text:you might want to buy a pair.	labels:i'll wait until i wear this pair out.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Mr . Rodriguez ? 	labels: Yes . Is this Paula ? 
text: Yes , sir . I ’ Ve just dropped those slides off at the Winthrop office . Do you need anything else while I ’ m out ? 	labels: No , that ’ s all right . Paula . Why don ’ t you get something to eat , and I ’ ll see you this afternoon . 	episode_done:True
text:sometimes i want to throw it out the window.	labels:you don't want to do that.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ? 	labels: Yes , this is Julianne Horton , and I ’ m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms . McNeal . 
text: Certainly , what day were you thinking of ? 	labels: How ’ s Thursday ? Does she have any time available then ? 
text: Um . . . let me double check . . . unfortunately , she ’ s booked solid on Thursday , how does next Monday work for you ? 	labels: Actually , I ’ Ve got something scheduled on Monday . Can she do Tuesday ? 
text: Sure , Tuesday ’ s perfect . May I ask where you ’ re calling from ? 	labels: Sure , Merton Financial Advisors . 	episode_done:True
text:Why don ’ t we go for Teppanyaki tonight ? 	labels: Mmm ... to be honest , I ’ d rather go for a pizza . 
text: Actually , I haven ’ t had a pizza for a while . Let ’ s do that then . 	labels: Ok , shall we go to Pizza Hut or Pizza Italia ? 
text: If it were up to me , I ’ d prefer to go to Pizza Hut . The toppings are much tastier . 	labels: I think you ’ re absolutely right . Ok , that ’ s decided then ! 	episode_done:True
text:What was that ? 	labels: Oh no . I broke your vase accidentally . 
text: How did it happen ? 	labels: I bumped it by accident , but I didn't mean to do it . 
text: It was my favorite . 	labels: I feel miserable . Can I give you money for it ? 
text: Maybe I shouldn't have put it here . Someone was bound to bump it eventually . 	labels: First I was late for school this morning , and now I broke your vase . This isn't my day ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , is there a vacant room here ? 	labels: We are practically full up , but I will see . What do you want , a single room or a double one ? 
text: A single room , preferably with a bath . 	labels: How long do you plan to stay ? 
text: For a week or so . 	labels: You can have a room on the second floor . 
text: I hope it's quiet . I hate noise at night . 	labels: I think you will find it quiet . It faces the courtyard . 
text: What is the rate , please ? 	labels: The current rate is 50 dollars per night . 
text: What services come with that ? 	labels: A radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room everyday . 
text: That sounds good . Well , do you give discount for a week or more ? 	labels: Yes , we give 5 % discount for one week , 10 % for two weeks and more . 
text: All right . I will take a room for a week . 	labels: Will you fill out this form , please ? The bellboy will show you up to your room . Your luggage will be brought right up . 
text: Can I get dinner here ? 	labels: We do serve dinner . 	episode_done:True
text:that was a nice thing to say.	labels:that's what i thought.	episode_done:True
text:How do I apply to an American university ? 	labels: You should go to the library to find some information about American universities , and write to the Admission Office . Then the Admission Office will send you application forms and other related materials . From experience , many applicants write to several universities instead of just one . 
text: I was told that it took a lot of time and effort to apply . 	labels: That is true . I'll list for you the requirements of almost all the universities . First of all , you need official transcripts of your undergraduate work , three letters of recommendation from your professors who know your competence , and the official TOEFL ( Test of English as a Foreign Language ) score ( It's usually 550 ) . Then you need a financial guarantee , and an application fee of 25 dollars . 
text: What's to come next ? 	labels: If they agree to enroll you , they will send you a TAP - 66 Form . With TAP - 66 , you can apply for a passport from our government , and then apply for a visa from the US Embassy in Beijing . 
text: How long will it take to go over all the procedures ? 	labels: From 3 to 6 months if everything goes well . 
text: Thank you . I appreciate all your help . 	labels: You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions . 	episode_done:True
text:That looks like an interesting book . 	labels: It is . It ’ s got pictures of interesting building from all over the world , with brief descriptions of how they were build , their purpose , and so on . 
text: There are the pyramids . It ’ s easy to see how they got that name ! they don ’ t have smooth sides though . 	labels: They don ’ t now , but most of them did originally . There ’ s picture of the pentagon in the united states . It ’ s very distinctive with its five sides . 
text: Look at that cylindrical office building . I ’ Ve never been seen one that shape before . 	labels: Yes . Usually only TV towers are cylindrical in shape . 
text: TV towers are usually thicker at the bottom than at the top . They ’ re not perfectly cylindrical . 	labels: This is the world ’ s largest sports stadium . It ’ s a massive oval . 
text: What sports do they play there ? 	labels: It says here that it ’ s m mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings . 
text: Is that building a perfect cube ? 	labels: According to the book , it is . I ’ Ve never seen a building that is a perfect cube . Look at the building . From the air , it looks like a square with a semi-circle attached to each of its four sides . What 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard of the Love Bug ? 	labels: Do you mean the ' I love you ' virus that attacks computers through e-mail ? 
text: Yes . It is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world . People say it will break out again om Valentines ' Day this year . 	labels: This is terrible . Why do hackers play such a dirty trick ? 
text: Hackers are smart , and they want people to know about it . 	labels: So they create viruses to tell people they are smart ? That's really sick . 	episode_done:True
text: Hey, Mark I saw that you're reading a book out there.	labels: Yeah, that's right.
text: So, do you read a lot?	labels: Yeah, I read a lot. In fact I don't have a television.
text: Ah, you're the man.	labels: Seriously, I only read.
text: Wow, how many books do you get through a week?	labels: A week! Ah, at least one a week, because I work all the time.
text: Oh, that's pretty good.	labels: Yeah, but I enjoy reading because television doesn't give you imagination, yeah I prefer reading.
text: Yeah, I hear you. It rots your mind, I think. Ah, also, what kind of books you like to read? What kind of genres?	labels: Well, let's see, I've got a lot of nonfiction, a lot of comedy.
text: Cool, so actually, when you read, like where do you normally read?	labels: Where do I normally read? On the trains, actually. I'm always reading on the trains. I read because I'm always traveling to work. A lot of pleasure. And it's funny because I meet people on the trains when I'm reading, they look over at my book.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , dear , I've got your voice at last . 	labels: Hi , darling , I am thinking it is the time of your calling . 
text: Are you OK today ? 	labels: Quite good except thinking of you so much . 
text: So do I . You are a beautiful flower in my mind . 	labels: It's called love is blind , I think . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard about Michael's new home ? It's in one of the poshest areas in this area . 	labels: Is he living in the new housing estate in Killington ? 
text: No , he's living in an old house in Warton . 	labels: Do you mean the one near the health centre on Old Slate Road ? 
text: That's the one . 	labels: His house must be worth millions ! That is one of the most beautiful areas in Oxford . The surrounding area is really peaceful , and getting into the city centre from there is very convenient . How can he afford that place ? 
text: He didn't buy it . His grandfather died recently and left him loads of money . 	labels: Did he know that his grandfather was so wealthy ? 
text: No one in the family expected to get a dime from him . It was quite a surprise . 	labels: What a lucky man . 
text: He still has a complaint though . 	labels: What's that ? 
text: He wanted to live right on a bus line , but he doesn't . so , if he wants to take a bus anywhere , he has to walk 1/4 mile to get to a bus stop . 	labels: The poor thing . It must be difficult being him . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you lend me your car ? 	labels: Nothing ' doing . 	episode_done:True
text:You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up ? 	labels: Well , I just came in . I worked overtime yesterday . Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate . So I stayed to double check them . The boss was aware of my very late work of last night . So before he left office , he told me I could come one hour later this morning . 
text: But you still look a little bit tired . What time did you leave ? 	labels: It was around one thirty in the morning . I guess I didn ’ t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind . I just couldn ’ t stop thinking about them . 
text: That ’ s normal after a tense work evening . Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either . Once , I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend . That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later . 	labels: Working at weekend is something I hate to do most . 	episode_done:True
text:Good day , what can I do for you ? 	labels: Could you fill me in on the details for buying foreign currency ? 
text: Of course . Where are you planning to travel to ? 	labels: Kula Lumpur , in Malaysia . 
text: That's fine . If you are travelling outside of Mainland China , Hong Kong and Macao we need to follow the SAFE rules . This means that you can exchange 2,000 USD or equivalent . 	labels: That sounds fine . I'll bring in my passport and everything tomorrow . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary , there's one more thing that you must do for me before you leave . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: You have to take the math and English evaluation tests . 	labels: Why ? 
text: Because you're from a foreign country . The school needs to find out how good you are at both basic skills . 	labels: It's so that I can be put into the right math and English classes , right ? 
text: You are a smart girl ! 	labels: This is going to take more time than I thought . 	episode_done:True
text:well, listen to it more quietly.	labels:i can't wait till i grow up.	episode_done:True
text:Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? 	labels: Yes , I think so . If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . 
text: Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . 	labels: Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . What you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors . 
text: Yes , I'm really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school . 	labels: That's a problem . 	episode_done:True
text:you're wearing out your right hand. stop using it so much.	labels:but i do all my writing with my right hand.	episode_done:True
text:but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.	labels:well, you can't have everything.	episode_done:True
text:I can't believe how hot it is . 	labels: It's not even noon yet . 
text: That means it will get hotter . 	labels: I am dying from the heat . 
text: Turn on the air conditioner . 	labels: It doesn't work . 
text: What happened ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: Did you call the repairman ? 	labels: Of course . 
text: When is he coming ? 	labels: He's busy . He said next week . 	episode_done:True
text:what have you been doing?	labels:i've just been working really hard.	episode_done:True
text:It's awfully quiet around here . 	labels: Yeah . There's nobody in sight . 
text: I have a feeling that we're not supposed to be in here . 	labels: I think you're right . Let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary , I have something to tell you . 	labels: Go ahead . 
text: I ’ m afraid you ’ ll become angry . But I think I must tell you . 	labels: Come on . Don ’ t hesitate . 	episode_done:True
text:Where do you live now ? 	labels: I live in Haitian District where there are lot of universities . 
text: Which street do you live on ? 	labels: I live at No . 50 Xingu Street . 	episode_done:True
text:then the waiter will give you a big smile as he brings you the new steak.	labels:where do you get these crazy ideas?	episode_done:True
text:no, he didn't have time to do that.	labels:well, he's got plenty of time now!	episode_done:True
text:What are you going to take ? 	labels: Roast pork chops with a bottle of red wine , please . Is soup served here ? 
text: Of course . What kind of soup do you like ? Clear or thick ? 	labels: Clear soup . I think tomato soup is fine . 	episode_done:True
text:of course.	labels:when is he coming?	episode_done:True
text:not yet.	labels:then why are you watching tv?	episode_done:True
text:Which pair of jeans do you like best ? 	labels: I really like the straight legs . 
text: But they aren't very fashionable . What about these ? 	labels: I don't like the way they sag down . I feel like I have plumber butt in them . 
text: That's the style ! You just wear boxers . 	labels: What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then ? 
text: You're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants ! 	labels: If you ask me , it's a walking invitation ! 	episode_done:True
text:I want to settle my account . 	labels: Wait for a moment . Mr . Bush.this is your bill , please sign your name here 
text: Well , I think something must be wrong with my bill . I didn't have any laundry . 	labels: I am sorry , we will connect with the room service.Please Warta moment . 	episode_done:True
text: This is a nice neighborhood.	labels: The streets are clean and quiet.
text: The neighbors don't party on the weekends.	labels: People take care of their lawns.
text: No rusty old cars are sitting in the front yards.	labels: We never have to call the police about anything.
text: Our kids are completely safe.	labels: So why are we selling our house?
text: They're building a 3-story apartment building on the corner.	labels: So we've got to sell before property values go down?
text: Yes. I still can't believe our city council allowed this building.	labels: They're probably getting something under the table.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . My name is John Sandals , and I've got a reservation . 	labels: May I see some identification , sir , please ? 
text: Sure . Here you are . 	labels: Thank you so much . Have you got a credit card , Mr . Sandals ? 
text: I sure do . How about American Express ? 	labels: Unfortunately , at the present time we take only MasterCard or VISA . 
text: No American Express ? Okay , here's my VISA . 	labels: Thank you , sir . You'll be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen-size bed . Do you approve , sir ? 
text: Yeah , that'll be fine . 	labels: That's great . This is your key , sir . If you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero . 	episode_done:True
text:can I see these silk ties ? 	labels: No problem . 
text: I ’ ll take this one . 	labels: Good . Anything else ? The tie pins ? The cuff links ? 
text: No , thank you . I want to have a look at that scarf . 	labels: Ok . We have several kinds of scarves here . Let me get them for you . Just wait a minute . 	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith . 
text: Do you have an appointment ? 	labels: Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock . 
text: I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ? 	labels: Sure . 
text: Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ? 	labels: That would be very nice . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:lunch was delicious.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Brad , wait ! 	labels: What ? 
text: How come you have a locker but I don't ? 	labels: Mr . Rogers probably forgot to assign a locker to you . 
text: I had to carry my backpack with me all day . 	labels: Remind him to give you a locker tomorrow . 
text: Does it have a lock ? 	labels: No . You have to buy your own . You'll have to go to a hardware store to pick one up . 	episode_done:True
text:the sports guy shows us players fighting.	labels:they always tell us "what's next."	episode_done:True
text:Wish you have a blast . 	labels: Thank you . See you . 	episode_done:True
text:It's late.It ' s high time I left.Thank you for a most wonderful evening . 	labels: Don't mention it . 
text: Good night then ! 	labels: Good night ! 	episode_done:True
text:Jack , you should have known in general the situation of our company now . 	labels: Yes , and I am very satisfied with it . 
text: Do you have any other questions ? 	labels: Would you please tell me about fringe benefits of the company ? 
text: OK , we will pay insurances for employees after the probationary period . 	labels: What do they include ? 
text: Include endowment insurance , medical insurance , unemployment insurance , work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance . 	labels: That sounds great . 
text: Employees will also have housing payment reserve funds . 	labels: The fringe benefits in your company are excellent , and it's generous of you to offer five insurances and one fund 
text: Do you have other questions ? 	labels: I want to know if the staff can get a vacation every year . 
text: The permanent staff can have a paid month-long vacation every year . Besides , they also get chances of free traveling . 	labels: That's quite good . Thank you for telling me about those . 	episode_done:True
text:Do I need a visa ? 	labels: No , I shouldn ’ t think so . But you must take your passport of course . 
text: Yes , I know . I must get my traveler ’ s check and some foreign currency . 	labels: Yes , you need the traveler ’ s check but you needn ’ t get any foreign currency . You can have my US Dollars , I don ’ t need them . 
text: Really ? That ’ s very good of you , Helen . But I must get a new suitcase , my old one needs repairing . 	labels: You needn ’ t buy one . You can have mine . 
text: That ’ s very kind of you , Helen . I hope you don ’ t mind my leaving you like this . I need a holiday . It won ’ t be long . 	labels: Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you got any cheaper ones ? 	labels: Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland . 	labels: Thank you , Rick ! As you can see , ladies and gentleman , we are here in beautiful Pebble Beach where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars ! 
text: Whoa , that ’ s a lot of cash ! Let ’ s go to the course and see how Tiger Woods is doing . 	labels: All right , we are here at the eighth hole . It ’ s a par four , and has some very difficult hazards which many golfers find difficult to avoid . Although , I did see Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on this very same hole ! 
text: Tiger Woods is about to tee off , and let ’ s see if he has the same luck as Jack . Tiger is asking his caddie for his driver and , he seems to be very nervous . 	labels: Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot . 
text: It seems that his ball has flown somewhere deep in the trees . He is having a hard time finding it and even his caddie has climbed a tree to try and spot it . 	labels: Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control ! 	episode_done:True
text:Room service , can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . This is Barbara in room 209 . I ’ d like to order breakfast , please . 
text: What would you like to order ? 	labels: Two slices of whole wheat bread and one cup of coffee . 
text: Okay . I ’ ll have them brought to your room right away . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Where on earth are we ? 	labels: Judging by all the traffic , I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city . 
text: What did I do wrong ? Did I take a wrong turn ? 	labels: I'm not sure , but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge . 
text: Well , now we should turn back a few kilometres . 	labels: It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? 	labels: Hi Steve . This is Mike . What are you doing ? 
text: Oh , hi . I was just watching TV . 	labels: There's nothing to watch right now . 
text: I know . I was watching a re-run . I have nothing to do and I was bored . 	labels: Me too . Let's get together and do something . 
text: I'd like to , but I have to meet my parents in an hour for dinner . How about tomorrow ? 	labels: Yeah . Let's plan something tomorrow . 
text: Did you hear the weather forecast for tomorrow ? 	labels: I think it is going to be the same as today . Clear and sunny . 
text: That's great . We can do something outdoors then . 	labels: Are there any special events going on tomorrow ? 
text: Yeah . I think there's a live outdoor concert by the river tomorrow . 	labels: Oh yeah . I heard about that too . Let's go check it out . 
text: Do you know what time it starts ? 	labels: It starts at one PM . 
text: Let's meet for lunch at eleven thirty and afterwards , we can head over there . 	labels: Perfect . I'll see you in front of the apartment at eleven thirty . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you mind if I make a suggestion ? 	labels: Of course not , go ahead . 
text: Maybe you should try to quit smoking . You know it is very bad for your health . 	labels: Well , sure it is . Actually , I have been cutting down the amount since two months ago . I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes for a single day . Now I limit it to 6 cigarettes a day . 
text: You have made a big progress . Quitting smoking is not an easy job . But it will be rewarding in the long run . 	labels: Thank you for your suggestion . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . When's the next bus ? 	labels: The next bus will be here in four minutes . 
text: Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? 	labels: No , it's the number fifty-eight . 
text: So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? 	labels: No , it won't . 
text: So when will it be here then ? 	labels: Never . 
text: Never ? 	labels: That's right . The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more . It's stop is round the corner . 	episode_done:True
text:don't we have about five sharpeners?	labels:yes, but they seem to have legs.	episode_done:True
text:The boss is mad at you . 	labels: Who cares ? 	episode_done:True
text:What is wrong with Peter ? He sure looks unhappy . 	labels: His girlfriend dumped him , and he is tearing his heart out over her . 
text: How foolish he is . The girl is inviting . She often makes a pass at boys . 	labels: Love is blind , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.	labels:oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sunshine Travel Agency . 	labels: Hello . Is there a package tour to Beijing ? 
text: Well , let me see . We have a nice one on which we still have several unfilled places . 	labels: Does the tour have a Chinese-speaking guide ? 
text: Yes , sir . 	labels: What is the cost of the tour ? 
text: Five hundred dollars altogether . 	labels: It's a bit expensive . Can you tell me the schedule ? 	episode_done:True
text:do you mean on measures 1, 2, and 3?	labels:yes. the ones that will improve our schools, roads, and hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Zina . You're here early today . 	labels: Yeah , I'm going to be making phone calls all day . What a blast . 
text: I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast . I appreciate it . 	labels: Save it , Vince . After I put my first million in the bank , I'll say you're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:When is your birthday?	labels:I was born on July 5, 1987.	episode_done:True
text:  Do you have this sweater in red?	labels:  We do not have any more in red, but I can order one for you.
text:  When will it arrive?	labels:  It should take 3-5 business days.
text:  That's perfect.  It is a birthday gift for my mother.	labels:  When is your mother's birthday? 
text:  In two weeks.	labels:  I will call you when it arrives.
text:  Here is my cell phone number.	labels:  Ok.  I hope she likes the sweater.	episode_done:True
text:Mary , why are you so tired ? 	labels: I go to the personnel market every day , and put a lot of energy into it . 
text: Why don't you think about applying for a job on the Internet ? 	labels: On the Internet ? I have never tried that way . 
text: Well , it's very convenient and very popular now . 	labels: So how to apply for a job on the Internet ? 
text: Just get online and send your application through email to the employer . 	labels: But how can I know which employer is hiring ? 
text: You could place your job hunting information on the Job Wanted channel on a recruitment website . 	labels: Will the employers see my information ? 
text: Yes . If they think you are a fit , maybe they will contact you . 	labels: Is it safe to job hunt on the Internet ? 
text: If you log in some formal websites , it must be very safe . 	labels: I will give it a try at once . 	episode_done:True
text:Come on , Tara . Let ’ s go up to the window and buy two tickets . The movie is starting in a few minutes . 	labels: We can ’ t break into the line . Don ’ t be so impatient . We ’ ll be at the front of the line soon . 
text: Two tickets , please . How much are they ? 	labels: Oh no , Ari . I didn ’ t mean for you to pay for me when I invited you to go tonight . Let ’ s go Dutch . I ’ ll pay my own way . I insist . 
text: I ’ m looking forward to this film . I read a good review of it in this morning ’ s newspaper . 	labels: Me , too . It will be great to see something light and funny for a change . I ’ m tired of heavy drama . 
text: Are these seats okay ? 	labels: They ’ re fine , but I can ’ t watch a movie without popcorn . 	episode_done:True
text: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	labels: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	episode_done:True
text:yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.	labels:did he crash?	episode_done:True
text:It seldom rains this summer . 	labels: Yeah , some places are very short of water . 
text: Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse . 	labels: You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone . 	episode_done:True
text:You want to argue your ticket today ? 	labels: Yes . That is why I'm here . 
text: Tell me your argument . 	labels: I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . 
text: Are you sure you weren't speeding ? 	labels: To be honest , I really wasn't . 
text: What speed were you going ? 	labels: I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . 
text: I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . 	labels: What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ? 
text: Don't worry about it . 	labels: I'm so glad for your help . 	episode_done:True
text:You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own . 
text: If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me . 	labels: I ’ ll be very glad if you would help . 
text: I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture . 	labels: Thank you . I wish I would . 	episode_done:True
text:What courses are you going to take next year ? 	labels: Well , I am certainly going to take chemistry and physics , but I haven't decided on the other subjects yet . I ’ d like to take English . 
text: Why are you going to take English with chemistry and physics ? 	labels: Because I want to study English literature . But I think chemistry is better for getting a job . 
text: Of course it depends on what you are going to do when you leave college . Have you decide what you are going to do when you graduated ? 	labels: I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , guys ! Did you see that sign ? 	labels: No . What did it say ? 
text: There's a garage sale around the corner . 	labels: A garage sale ... that's where people check out cars , right ? 
text: What ? Cars ? Are you serious ? 	labels: I'm pulling your leg , Paul . I'm a shopping queen , remember ? So of course I know what a garage sale is all about ! 	episode_done:True
text:i was a painter.	labels:what happened?	episode_done:True
text: traditional kind	labels: yeah I want to get one too soon	episode_done:True
text:i like the kinds of instruments that they use.	labels:i think that's an excellent reason to like something.	episode_done:True
text:Many people say it's a good story.But I think it's boring ! 	labels: I don't think I share your view there.The writer is writing about history , society , human nature and so on.It ' s too hard to understand . 	episode_done:True
text:Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ? 	labels: Yeah . There's an express that leaves in twenty minutes . 
text: May I buy a ticket here at the station ? 	labels: Sure . 
text: Where ? 	labels: Go to window number eleven . 	episode_done:True
text:what do you put in it?	labels:just lettuce, tomato, and celery.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is Garry Hao . I am calling to inquire the position of English interpreter . 	labels: Well , it is still open . Where did you graduate from . 
text: I graduated from the Beijing Foreign Studies University . My major is English Translation and Interpretation . 	labels: It sounds great . I will arrange an interview tomorrow . Can you come tomorrow ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ? 	labels: The local newspaper has ads for housing . 
text: Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ? 	labels: Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate . 
text: What do landlords charge for rent ? 	labels: Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ? 
text: There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment . 	labels: You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month . 
text: I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me . 	labels: Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Good morning , Stately Restaurant . May I help you ? 	labels: I would like to book a table for seven thirty o'clock , please . 
text: Fine , sir . For how many people , please ? 	labels: For four people . We'd like a quiet table with a fine view of the river . 
text: OK . What name , please ? 	labels: This is Peter Kaufman . 
text: Can you spell that , please ? 	labels: Peter Kaufman , P-E-T-E-R ( Peter ) , K-A-U-F-M-A-N ( Kaufman ) . 
text: Oh , thanks , Mr . Kaufman . We look forward to your visit . 	labels: Bye-bye . 	episode_done:True
text:There's a question I'm not sure whether it is suitable to ask . 	labels: You know that I have no secrets toward you . 
text: When you go dinner with John , who foots the bill ? 	labels: Why asking that ? It's often the sort of Dutch treat . 	episode_done:True
text: My husband died.	labels: I'm sorry for you.
text: Thank you.	labels: When did he die?
text: A couple of months ago.	labels: You still miss him.
text: Yes, but I talk to him almost every day.	labels: When you go to church?
text: No, when I call him on his cell phone.	labels: What do you mean?
text: I buried him with his cell phone.	labels: What will you do when the battery dies?	episode_done:True
text:i love your outfit right now.	labels:well, i think you look nice today too.	episode_done:True
text: Hi!	labels: Hello, how are you?	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Peace Hotel . 	labels: Hello , I'm calling from Beijing . I'd like to reserve a double room with a bath from tonight on for five days , please . 
text: A moment , please . I'll check our room availability for these days ... Yes , that's all right.What ' s your name please ? 	labels: John Smith . J-O-H-N S-M-I-T-H . 	episode_done:True
text: yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.	labels: My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.	episode_done:True
text:hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it . 	labels: is it a horror movie ? 
text: yeah , I love horror movies . Would you like to go with me tomorrow ? 	labels: no way . I will be scared out of my wits . 
text: that's funny , I didn't know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside . 	labels: Hey , how could you like to taste my fist ? 
text: alright , all joking aside , what kinds of moves do you like ? 	labels: Um , let me see , romance , comedy . documentary , action , science fiction , animated and so on . 
text: that is to say , you like all genres except for horror movies . 	labels: yeah . It seems like we don't speak the same language as far as movies are concerned . 
text: not quite . I also greatly enjoy romance and comedy . 	labels: the Notebook is this type of movie . 
text: really ? I haven't heard of it . 	labels: well then , this could be a nice opportunity to enjoy it together . I bet you'd love it . 	episode_done:True
text:of course. but i don't have cable.	labels:you don't need to have cable, but you do need a good antenna.	episode_done:True
text:Which team do you think will emerge with the last laugh in this World Cup ? 	labels: I wish it could be Germany . But it seems they are not in a very good conditions . 
text: No , they aren't . They had a hard time in the group stage and only sealed a sit in the eighth-finals with Wallack ' s header in the final three minutes . Just think , group A consists of Austria , China , and Saudi Arabia , all of which are minnows . 	labels: It seems they've been out of luck since the beginning of the event . Their shots hit the woodwork as many as six times . Oh . my goodness ! I'm afraid the team is under a spell . 
text: Well , at least the Germans have demonstrated a very good ability to control the midfield . They recorded a total of 62 tackles in the match against Austria . And they to be endowed with perfect positional sense . I think that will give rise to scoring chances sooner or later . 	labels: I agree . Eeven though German attackers are not good at dribbling past opposing defenders , they breach the defensive line through quick movements to the right attacking positions and through accurate , well-timed passes . 
text: That's why I still have very high hopes for the team . Now that the tournament has proceeded into the knock-out stage , the Germans will probably make it through to the finals . 	labels: Yes . They have a good reputation for their tenacity and discipline , especially in vital , decisive encounters . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever been to Britain ? 	labels: Oh yes , I ’ Ve been to Britain many times . I go there on business . 
text: Really ? How often do you go there ? 	labels: Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year . 
text: Do you always go on business or do you sometimes go for a holiday ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid I never go for a holiday . It ’ s always business . 	episode_done:True
text:Kevin ? Hi , it ’ s Elizabeth . I have a big favor to ask you . 	labels: How big , Elizabeth ? Last time you said that , I ended up working overtime 3 nights in a row ! 
text: Well , I ’ Ve got a huge load of typing and Mr . Blake has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon . 	labels: All right , Elizabeth . But this is the last time . 	episode_done:True
text:I am rejoiced to tell you that you are employed . 	labels: Thank you for hiring me . I'm very proud to be employed by your firm . 
text: You are expected to report for on-job training on the 15th of May . Will you be there ? 	labels: Yes , I will . I hope I'll enjoy working with you . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? 	labels: My husband and I have thought about it , but we ’ Ve decided not to have any . They are just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of world we ’ ll have in the future . What about you ? 
text: Well , I ’ Ve always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? 	labels: For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn ’ t ever have to share . 
text: Don ’ t you think you would miss having other people around ? 	labels: No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . you know , I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ’ home . What do you think of the one-child policy in China ? 
text: If China didn ’ t have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? 	labels: That ’ s true . But as a woman , I ’ m glad that even though I don ’ t want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can ’ t imagine what China would be like if there weren ’ t a one-child policy ! 
text: Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ? 	labels: I don ’ t know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children ! 	episode_done:True
text:  There was a bank robbery downtown.	labels:  Did anyone get hurt?
text:  I don't know yet.	labels:  Have they caught the robbers?
text:  No, the police are looking for them.	labels:  We better lock our doors.	episode_done:True
text:So what's wrong with the drain ? 	labels: It's clogged and water won't go down . 
text: Let me take a look . You know why ? It's clogged with hair . No wonder water won't go down . 	labels: Well , I guess people who lived here before didn't clean the bathtub . 
text: You ’ re darn right ! 	labels: What should I do now ? 
text: Don't worry . I ’ Ve got some acid here . It will help dissolve the hair down there . 	labels: Ur , it stinks ! 	episode_done:True
text:i eat the same thing every day.	labels:you're kidding.	episode_done:True
text:Do you want a shampoo ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: What brand do you prefer ? 	labels: An ordinary one will do.Would you put me under a hot dryer after that ? I'm in a hurry . 
text: All right , miss.This one is very hot . I'll come to turn it off in fifteen minutes.Will that be alright ? 	labels: OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Here is the song list . 	labels: Do you have any English songs ? 
text: Yes , here you are . 	labels: Let me have a look . Everything I do I do it for you 、 Unchained melody 、 My heart will go on . Oh , and I ’ d like to try Everything I do I do it for you . 
text: Let me play it for you . 	labels: Is it easy to locate it ? 
text: It's very easy . Here it is . Ready ? Excellent ! You are a good singer . You sing the bass so well . 	labels: I used to be a better singer . I haven't sung in the Karaoke for a long time . It's your turn . 
text: I'll sing a Chinese folk song Love song of Hanging , first in Chinese then in English . 	labels: That's really my pleasure to listen to a Chinese song . 	episode_done:True
text:maybe we should honk the horn next time.	labels:the driver will just honk back at us.	episode_done:True
text:Seat 30B is right here , sir . You may take your seat . I'll put your bag in the above compartment . 	labels: Thank you , miss . Will dinner be served on the plane ? 
text: Yes , sir . I'll bring you a menu shortly after we take off . 	labels: That would be nice . Could you also get me a pillow and a blanket , please ? 
text: Here you are . 	labels: How long will this flight last ? 
text: It is a six-hour flight with an-hour layover in Los Angles . 	labels: Good . I'll have plenty of time to nap on the plane . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season . 	labels: Well , of course I can ’ t miss it . Which team are you for ? 
text: Manchester United . What about you ? 	labels: Me too . Do you think they are going to get the championship this time ? 	episode_done:True
text:Is anybody in ? 	labels: How can I help you ? 
text: I have a headache . 	labels: Let me take your temperature with a thermometer . 
text: OK . 	labels: I think you have a small fever . 
text: I thought so . I felt dizzy this morning . 	labels: You should've called in sick ! Next time , have either of your parents call the school office . 	episode_done:True
text:Judy , have you ever made out how much money shall we spend ? 	labels: Oh , yeah . The total amount is no less than 13,000 RIB , according to our itinerary . 
text: What ? That's too much . 	labels: Sit down . I'll show you the list of our financial budget . First of all , it is nearly 4,000 RIB that we should spend in transportation . 
text: Ah , the transportation fee always takes a great part in the budget . 	labels: Then we must pay a large amount of money for the hotel . But if we want to save money , we can choose a hotel which is not so good . 
text: Hmm , what I'm fearful of is that the accommodation will also deteriorate once we choose a cheaper hotel . 	labels: In that case , we can choose the Youth Hotel . It's a good choice , clean and economic . 	episode_done:True
text:i was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on friday.	labels:i wanted to go, but i couldn't.	episode_done:True
text: Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.	labels: That sounds like a perfect plan!	episode_done:True
text:I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud . 	labels: Sorry . Were you trying to sleep ? 
text: Yes , please ask when you want to borrow my records next time . 	labels: I'm sorry . You're right . I should have asked . 	episode_done:True
text:to the grand canyon?	labels:yes. i've never been there.	episode_done:True
text:Can we have dinner together sometime this weekend ? 	labels: Ok , you name the day . 
text: How about the second of March ? 	labels: What day is that ? 
text: It's Friday . 	labels: Good . Where shall we meet ? 	episode_done:True
text:What's all this noise about ? 	labels: They're discussing whether they should replace Miss Smith , the Music teacher . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Because she's not responsible enough . 	episode_done:True
text:My uncle passed away last night . 	labels: My condolences . 	episode_done:True
text:OK . I'd like to have everything gift-wrapped , please . 	labels: I'll give you the boxes . You can then go to our gift-wrapping department . 
text: Is it on this floor ? 	labels: It's on the first floor , to the right of the main entrance . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Have a nice holiday ! 	episode_done:True
text:It may comfort you to know that many people attended his viewing . 	labels: How did they hear ? No one called . 
text: In times of loss , it is often hard to pick up the phone . But his whole family was here . 	labels: His mom and dad must be destroyed . He was their only son . 
text: And he was so young , with so much life to look forward to . 	labels: Yes ... thank you for understanding . We have to go now . 	episode_done:True
text:What was your duty like in your previous job ? 	labels: We have a team to make itineraries of the tour , evaluate the value of it for one tourist and recommend the routine for different tourists . 
text: Can you name a few examples ? 	labels: Yes . There are selected itineraries for rich and high-tasted people , common routine for people who are on trade observation tour , and excursion routine for people who have limited time for sightseeing . 	episode_done:True
text:those shopping carts are dangerous.	labels:especially the metal ones.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , how can I help you ? 	labels: Someone has stolen my gold necklace . 
text: I am sorry to hear about that . Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me exactly what happened here ? 	labels: Of course not . 
text: Are you sure that it isn't somewhere in your room ? 	labels: Yes , I've looked everywhere in my room and I can ’ t find it . 
text: Ok , when and where did you last see it ? 	labels: Last night on the dresser . I took it off before I went to the shower , and forgot to put it back on after the shower . And this morning I left the hotel in a hurry without wearing it . 
text: Are you sure you didn't wear it this morning ? 	labels: Yes , I am positive . 
text: Did you remember to lock your door before you left then ? 	labels: Yes , I think I did . It has to be one of your maids who took it . I want my necklace back . 
text: Well , I understand how you feel , and we will try to do our best to help you . But first please allow me to send one of the housemaids to your room to look for it again thoroughly , just in case it's still in there . If she finds it , we will all be happy . If she doesn't , we will turn the whole matter to the police . But I must say that the hotel can't be held responsible for your loss . You should have locked your gold necklace away at the hotel ’ s safety box . If you had read your key card carefully , you would have realized that we specially warned you to do so . 	labels: That just isn't good enough . Cet me your general manager . I want to speak to him now . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't even know why we need to fix it.	labels:in case we have visitors.	episode_done:True
text:How are you making out ? 	labels: I'm doing fine.Don ' t mind me.It ' s a wonderful birthday party.Everyone is enjoying himself . 
text: I hope so . Thank you again for your delightful gift . 	labels: Don't mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , I have a reservation under the name of Tomlinson . 	labels: Ok I ’ Ve found it . Checking out on the 27th ? 
text: That ’ s right . 	labels: Can I take a credit card for the deposit ? 
text: Yes , sure . Also , I ’ d like a non-smoking room please . 	labels: Certainly madam . Here ’ s your key . Your room is on the 7th floor and on the left . Room 781 . Check out is at 12 noon . 	episode_done:True
text:May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ? 	labels: Sure , here they are . 
text: Any luggage ? 	labels: Just this suitcase . 
text: Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too . 	labels: No problem . What about this carry-on ? 
text: You can take that with you . 	labels: Can I have an aisle seat , PLS . 
text: No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 . 	labels: Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ? 
text: 15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time . 	labels: Thank you very much ! 	episode_done:True
text:Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life ! 	labels: What happened ? 
text: I ’ m in the market for a job ! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for . I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . I ’ Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally . And you know I can be charming in interviews . Goodbye my penniless days ! Hello salary and a career ! 	labels: Ben , we ’ re fifteen . What kind of job are you looking for ? 
text: Oh , just for a position as a gas station attendant . You know , starting at a simple lowly job , just like all the greats before they made it big in the world . 	labels: Uh-huh . 	episode_done:True
text:I call this meeting to order . Thank you all in attendance today , I know it's a busy day for you all . We have a lot of material to cover today . Did everyone get an agenda ? 	labels: I need a copy of the agenda . Also , may I suggest something ? I know we have many points to review today , but would it be possible to limit our meeting time to finish before four o'clock ? Many of us still have a mountain of work to do before the day's end . 
text: We should be able to finish everything up before then . Let's run through the major points first , and see where we're at . The first matter of business is to approve the minutes of our last meeting . 	labels: I propose we accept the minutes . 
text: Good . Do I have a second ? 	labels: I second . 
text: motion carried . Now , next on our agenda is our budget review . Margaret , can you please fill us in on where the budget review stands ? 	labels: I gave everyone a copy of the manual last week . We've had the review board going over everything , and they have come up with a final review . Here's a copy for everyone , and if you have any questions , you can talk to me after the meeting . Basically , the budget review has been completed , with maybe a few polishing details left . 
text: What kind of action is required ? 	labels: If everyone could take a look at the final review handout , if there're any objections or corrections , let me know . Next week , we can cast the final approval . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear anything about the robbery ? 	labels: I watched it happen . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes . I was right there . 
text: What did you see ? 	labels: This guy tried to rob the bank . 
text: I can't believe it . 	labels: I was really scared when he pulled the gun out . 
text: What happened next ? 	labels: He tried to leave with the money . 
text: Did he get caught ? 	labels: They caught him before he could walk through the front door . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you enjoyed your weekend ? 	labels: Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble . 	episode_done:True
text:We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ? 	labels: Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time . 
text: Oh , come on ! Just a quick one ! 	labels: All right , just a quick one . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? 	labels: Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . 
text: Will it take me long to get there ? 	labels: No . It's not far at all . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: That's all right . Have a good day . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Beijing Restaurant . How can I help you ? 	labels: Hi . I want to place an order , please . 
text: For pick - up or delivery ? 	labels: Pick - up . 
text: What would you like to order ? 	labels: I have a menu from your restaurant . I ’ ll order using the number of each meal from your menu . 
text: That ’ s fine . 	labels: I ’ d like to order number 17 , no . 23 and no . 24 . 
text: What size ? 	labels: Medium , please . 
text: When will you come to pick up your order ? 	labels: I ’ ll be there in about an hour . 	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations on the new house ! 	labels: Thanks ! We love it . 
text: Well , you guys work hard for it . It ’ s really beautiful . 	labels: I ’ m just not looking forward to cleaning it ! 	episode_done:True
text:yes, i did.	labels:did you tell her about school?	episode_done:True
text:You got a letter in the mail . 	labels: Give it to me . 
text: What is it ? 	labels: It ’ s my acceptance letter from UCLA . 
text: What does it say ? 	labels: I ’ Ve been accepted ! 
text: Are you serious ? 	labels: I ’ m serious . 
text: Good for you ! 	labels: NYU was my first choice , but UCLA is just fine . 
text: I ’ m so proud of you . 	labels: Thanks . I ’ m proud of myself , too . 	episode_done:True
text:it still works, but i'm going to give it to a charity.	labels:are you going to buy a desktop or laptop?	episode_done:True
text:Are you alright , child ? 	labels: Hey , I still know my name . 
text: What did the nurse say ? 	labels: She said I have a fever but nothing major . 
text: In that case , you should go home and get plenty of rest . 	labels: What if this small fever turns into a big fever ? 	episode_done:True
text:Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? 	labels: Yeah . 
text: Who won ? 	labels: China . 
text: What is the score ? 	labels: China beat Brazil three to zero . 	episode_done:True
text:Ernie , I'm really excited about starting this band together . We're going to be the two coolest students on campus . 	labels: I know ! It's gonna be great . But what kind of music do you think we should play ? 
text: That's a good question . You know I love hip hop , so maybe we can play some Vanilla Ice songs . 	labels: Hmm ... Vanilla Ice ? I know his most famous song , " Ice Ice Baby , " but I don't know his other songs . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ? 	labels: No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today . 
text: I try to do that , but I can ’ t get up early enough . 	labels: I couldn ’ t either at first , but you get used to it . 
text: It ’ s so hot at lunchtime ; I ’ d rather run in the morning . 	labels: Well , why don ’ t you come tomorrow ? I ’ ll stop by your house on my way out . 
text: I could try , but I can ’ t say for sure if I ’ ll get up in time . What time do you want to go ? 	labels: I ’ ll give you a call around 6:00 and stop by around 6:30 . 
text: O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ’ ll be able to get up in time for a jog . 	labels: Great , I ’ ll see you then . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you making the right choice?	labels:I have decided to drop out of college.	episode_done:True
text:You can keep these books for only half a month . 	labels: May I renew them if I haven't finished reading them ? 	episode_done:True
text:Two people were robbed last night near the park . 	labels: Again ? The area around the park is too dark at night . There should be more lights there . 
text: I am afraid of the dark . I don ’ t feel safe in the dark . I feel someone is hiding in the dark to attack me . 	labels: Your feelings might be right . You should never walk alone there at night . It is too dangerous . 	episode_done:True
text:How would you comment on the paper ? 	labels: The paper editorials always stick to the quick . 
text: Don't you think it's a bit conservative ? 	labels: After all , I'm somewhat conservative . 	episode_done:True
text:Who are those guys ? 	labels: Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players . 
text: Oh . 	labels: Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! 
text: All right ! 	labels: Here comes Jordan , though . 
text: Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . 	labels: Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing . 
text: Which team do you think will win ? 	labels: The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , ma ’ am . Can I help you ? 	labels: I ’ m looking for a sweater . 
text: What size are you looking for ? 	labels: Well , I ’ m looking for size 10 but you don ’ t have it . 
text: How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . 	labels: Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? 
text: Sure . The fitting room is on your right . 	labels: It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? 
text: You look pretty in red . 	labels: Oh , it ’ s my favorite . How much is it ? 
text: $ 29.99 . 	labels: Okay . I ’ ll take it . Thank you very much for your help . 	episode_done:True
text:still, it's safer than florida.	labels:florida doesn't have earthquakes or fires.	episode_done:True
text:Operator , I want to make a collect overseas phone call to Beijing . 	labels: Whom would you like to talk to ? 
text: Richard Zhang . 	labels: What is the phone number ? 
text: The code is 880 , the area code is 010 and the local number is 8824578 4 . 	labels: Your name , please . 
text: Monica Tang . 	labels: Hold on , please . 
text: OK , thank you . 	labels: The line is through now , please go ahead . 	episode_done:True
text:What's the score ? 	labels: The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half . 
text: The Russian team needs to tie the Ukraine to get the pass for the final . 	labels: It doesn't seem to be so easy . 	episode_done:True
text:Should I tell EDD that I have found a job ? 	labels: Is this a temporary job or something more permanent ? 
text: What difference does it make ? 	labels: When you get your next Continued Claim Form , you should just write down where you worked and note that you no longer need unemployment . 
text: If I take a short job and then get laid off , will I be starting over trying to get unemployment ? 	labels: Just because you work for a week doesn ’ t mean that you will be losing your benefits . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . 	labels: Hello . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
text: Yes , please . I'd like to open a savings account . Would you please give me some advice ? 	labels: Certainly , I'll be very happy to help you . Usually we offer current or fixed accounts for individuals . 
text: What's the difference between the two ? 	labels: If you open a fixed account , the interest rate is higher . 
text: Then how about the current account ? 	labels: You may withdraw the money at any time . You just need to present your deposit book . 
text: Thank you for your help . I think I'll open a current account . 	labels: OK . Do you have your ID card on you ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Good . Everything is done . Here is your deposit book and ID card . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: It's my pleasure . 	episode_done:True
text:Watch out , Patrick ! 	labels: Whew ! Thanks , Karen . That car almost hit me . 	episode_done:True
text:What ? Your diamond ring is lost ? 	labels: Yeah , I just cannot find it anywhere . 
text: It must have been stolen by the few thieves . I ’ ll get it back for you . 	labels: You are risking your neck . Don ’ t you know they have guns . 	episode_done:True
text:Betty was in hospital . 	labels: I know that . I met her last week , and she looked as pale as death . 
text: She suffers from cancer . 	labels: That ’ s too bad . She ’ s been so kind to us all . 	episode_done:True
text: Yes!	labels: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Dora , I haven't seen you for a long time . Where have you been ? 	labels: I didn ’ t go anywhere . I stayed at home . 
text: What's up ? You look unhappy . 	labels: Nothing . I just feel very lonely in this city . I miss my family . 
text: Oh , I know . Sometimes I have the same feeling with you . But you'd better not be so emotional . 	labels: Can you stay and accompany me for a while ? 
text: Sure , no problem . You can call me any time you are alone from now on . 	labels: Thank you so much . You are so sweet . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard Jenny divorced her French husband ? 	labels: Oh , really ? No wonder that she looks quite depressed recently . 
text: Yes . They used to be joined at the hip . 	labels: I heard they were just married for half a year . 
text: That ’ s true . She said they often argued over nickel-and-dime things . 	labels: Yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but full of culture shock . 
text: You said it . You know , they fell in love at the first sight and quickly jumped into marriage . 	labels: Maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , could you arrange a dinner for us ? 	labels: Sure , what time ? 
text: Eight o'clock tomorrow evening . 	labels: For how many people ? 
text: Ten . 	labels: Western food or Chinese food ? 
text: Chinese food . 	labels: Do you want an expensive meal ? 
text: No , not too lavish . 	labels: How much would you like to spend for each person ? 
text: What is the usual thing here ? 	labels: Forty to eighty RIB Yuan a plate . 
text: Let's say sixty Yuan then . 	labels: OK . Is there anything special you'd like to have on the menu ? 
text: We'd like to have typical Chinese food . 	labels: Anything you'd rather not have ? 
text: No snakes , please . 	labels: How about drinks ? 
text: Mao Tai and Qingdao Beer . 	labels: Well . Dinner for ten at sixty Yuan a plate , drink's extra , at 8 o'clock tomorrow evening . Is that all right ? 
text: Right , thanks . 	labels: My pleasure , see you tomorrow evening . 	episode_done:True
text:What does your mother do , may I ask ? 	labels: My mother works in a company as an accountant . 
text: Is she busy ? 	labels: Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year . 	episode_done:True
text:it's a lovely day , isn't it ? 	labels: yeah , and most excitingly , I met the girl living under me today . She's really nice . 
text: is she American ? 	labels: yeah , and most importantly , she's single ! Man , I could tell from the moment I saw her , she's the girl of my dreams ! 
text: so I take it you two are hitting it off ? I know it's very convenient to be in a relationship with your neighbor , but what if you break up ? 	labels: I don't know . I am not really worried about that . I don't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her . 
text: sounds like you've got some competition . You made a move already ? 	labels: not yet . But I am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . I know some good restaurants nearby . 
text: that's nice . Having been here a little while surely gives you the advantage , eh ? 	labels: you bet . Now that you mentioned it , I think I'll call her now and see if she is available tonight . 
text: good luck ! 	labels: thanks ! 	episode_done:True
text: Hi!	labels: Hello. How's your week coming along?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I ’ d like to have my phone turned on , please . 	labels: At what address , sir ? 
text: 345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City . 	labels: O . K . Your name please ? 
text: John Smith . 	labels: One moment please . Very well , Mr . Smith . I need to ask you a few questions . 
text: Very well . 	labels: The interview will take about 15 minutes , and your phone will be turned on in 24 hours . 
text: Fifteen minutes ? I ’ m sorry , but I ’ ll have to call back . I need to get back to work . 	labels: O . K . Mr . Smith . Thanks for calling . 	episode_done:True
text:My uncle passed away last night . 	labels: My condolences . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I want to deposit 1000 Yuan in my bank account . 
text: Please fill out this deposit form , first . 	labels: OK ... Here you are . Any problem on that ? 
text: No , that's fine . Do you bring your bankbook with you ? 	labels: Yes , I do . Here it is , and the cash . 
text: Wait a moment , please . 	labels: Sure . 
text: Is there anything else I can do for you ? 	labels: Yes . Can you tell me what the interest rate is now ? 
text: The deposit rate is 0.8 % every month . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Deny . Are still working ? 	labels: Hi , Navy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . 
text: So , you are leaving , aren't you ? 	labels: yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . 
text: How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . 	labels: That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? 
text: Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? 	labels: All right I'll read it soon . 
text: Excuse me for taking your time . 	labels: Oh . It's nothing Navy . 	episode_done:True
text:Irene ! I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how how did it go ? I want all the juicy details ! 	labels: Um ... well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . He was ... amazing ! 
text: Okay , now you really have to fill me in . What ’ s he like ? 	labels: He ’ s really good looking . he ’ s quite tall , around 61 , he ’ s in his early thirties , and he ’ s got the most beautiful dark brown eyes ... 
text: He sounds hot ! What does he do for a living ? 	labels: You know what , this is the best part . David is a junior investment banker at Fortune Bank , so he ’ s got a great career path ahead of him ! 
text: Hold on a sec , his name is David ? 	labels: Yeah ? 	episode_done:True
text:Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ? 	labels: No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now . 	episode_done:True
text:How did you do on your BELTS exam ? 	labels: Fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight . 
text: That's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet ? 	labels: Yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa . 
text: Do you know where the visa office is ? 	labels: No . 	episode_done:True
text:I want to buy a shirt . 	labels: What color do you like ? 
text: A white one , please . 	labels: Maybe you could have a look at this one . 
text: What's the size ? 	labels: Large . 	episode_done:True
text:Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ? 	labels: I suppose I do . 
text: The climate here is pleasant . 	labels: You said it . 
text: This city is really comfortable to living . 	labels: It sure is . 
text: No other city can match it . It's heaven . 	labels: Well , If you live in other as long enough you love them just as much . 	episode_done:True
text:Ah , Hello . So , you are back ? 	labels: Yes . I received everything in the post this morning . 
text: That's good . Could I please see the originals of everything ? 	labels: What's the exchange rate today ? 
text: You're pretty lucky actually , today is higher than yesterday . It's 824 . 71 RIB for 100 USD . 	labels: Great ! Do you need me to sign anything ? 	episode_done:True
text:How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ? 	labels: I'm sorry , but you were the only one who had access to it . 	episode_done:True
text:what are you talking about?	labels:you know what i'm talking about.	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . 	labels: That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? 
text: Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . 	labels: That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? 
text: The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . 	labels: Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . 
text: Thank you , Mr.Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr.Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients . 	labels: Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed . 	episode_done:True
text:How many languages can you speak ? 	labels: I can speak French and German . 
text: How well can you speak them ? 	labels: I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well . 
text: Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ? 	labels: No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet . 	labels: Is this change going to be beneficial for theindividuals like you and me . 
text: Yes , I think so . My friend once used it mostly to play chess , but now he has learnt how to do other things on the Internet . 	labels: There's no doubt the Internet will be a powerful commercial medium . It'll connect hundreds of millions of customers and open up huge markets for all kinds of products and services . 
text: That's true . I can imagine companies sending advertisements directly to customers over the net . Customers , in turn , can examine and compare whatever goods they want to buy and tell their computers to find them at the best price offered . 	labels: Yeah . It'll be a shoppers heaven . That's the use of net in E-commerce . 	episode_done:True
text:Operator ! Operator ! 	labels: Can I help you ? 
text: Yes , I was talking to a party . We were disconnected . 	labels: I'm sorry , sir . Just hold the line , please . Now the line is connected . Go ahead please . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I reserve a room from the 13th to the 18th ? 	labels: Certainly . How do you like your room ? 
text: I'd like a suite . What's the rate ? 	labels: $ 40 per night . 	episode_done:True
text:did you go to the 99 cents store?	labels:yes, i did.	episode_done:True
text:Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now . 	labels: Let me see . Roll up your sleeve , please . Um ... it's swollen and red here . I'm afraid we'll need to take an X-ray to see if it's broken . 
text: What if it's broken ? 	labels: Then we'll put you in a cast . 
text: What do you mean by a cast ? 	labels: Well , we apply tape and plaster to from a solid enclosure to protect the bones from moving . In this way they will heal properly . Take it easy . It won't hurt you . Let me see . The X-ray picture indicates that your humerus is broken in two places . And you'll have to wear the cast for three weeks . You'll need to come back in two weeks , so I can have another look . 	episode_done:True
text: haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?	labels: Being invisible. You won't see me.	episode_done:True
text:how easy is that?	labels:i guess people just don't care.	episode_done:True
text:Come on.Plenty of room upstairs.Fares please ! 	labels: One to the beach . How much is it ? 
text: One dollar ... I'm short of change this morning . 	labels: Sorry . I can wait a moment . 
text: Good , here's your ticket and four dollars change . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Which church do you attend ? 	labels: I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . 
text: What ’ s the difference between this and other Churches ? 	labels: Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church . 
text: Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt ? 	labels: That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all . 
text: Do you believe that Mormons have all of it ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Why do you really go to church ? 	labels: We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church . 	episode_done:True
text:well, it's good that you're so talented.	labels:i appreciate that.	episode_done:True
text:The demographic reports are in ... From the looks of it , we're going to have to re-evaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues . 	labels: Why , what's the lowdown ? 
text: According to the report , our Boston crowd is quite different make-up from our Chicago folks . Our Boston consumers are mostly from mid-level to upper-class income levels , university or postgraduates , married no children , white collar ... You know the kind . Chicago on the other hand is mostly mid to low income levels , single parent homes , blue collar ... I think we're talking about two totally different target groups . 	labels: I have no idea there was that great of deviation between the two venues ... To make our products sell , we have to take the target audience into account . 	episode_done:True
text:Hilton Hotel . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I'd like to make a room reservation . 
text: Fine . Beginning when ? 	labels: Two weeks from Thursday , for three nights . 
text: That's the twenty-fourth of June ? 	labels: Right . 
text: Your name , please ? 	labels: Robert Hamlin . 
text: Single or double ? 	labels: Double . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Jeff , where's your stereo ? 	labels: I needed some money , so I hocked it last week . 
text: You must have been really hurting for cash to have done that . 	labels: I had just enough money to make ends meet until payday . Then last Wednesday I received a phone bill to the tune of $ 195.00 . I hit the ceiling when I saw that . 
text: It sounds like you weren't expecting that . 	labels: I'd forgotten that my brother had used my phone earlier this month to call his girlfriend . He forgot to mention that she happened to be in New York at the time 3000 miles away . 
text: Well , if you need some money to tide you over until payday , I can loan you some . 	labels: Thanks , but tomorrow's payday I can make until then . Thanks any-way . 	episode_done:True
text:it can be dangerous.	labels:you mean he could drown.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome home , Peter ! 	labels: Thanks , honey . It's great to be back . 	episode_done:True
text:Eric , how long will you be in China ? 	labels: I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while . 
text: Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese ? 	labels: Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out . 
text: Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy . 	labels: You hit the nail right on the head . 
text: Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program ? 	labels: What is it ? 
text: It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English . 	labels: Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this ? 
text: How about this sunday ? 	labels: Ok , cool . 
text: Good . I'll give you a call tonight . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you like the play ? 	labels: It is very dull , and the production isn't very satisfactory , either . 
text: You're absolutely right . I think the acting could be better . 	labels: To be fair , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous . 
text: Maybe you're right . But I really don't like it . 	labels: Well , we'd better go to a musical comedy next time . I think the one we saw last month was very good . 
text: Yes , they had constant changes of scene , and I love variety . 	labels: Me , too . I hate to sit there and look at the same stage scenery one scene after another . 	episode_done:True
text:How about this floor lamp ? 	labels: Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired ! 
text: We still need to find an armoire and a dresser . 	labels: Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things . 
text: Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set . 	labels: While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV . 
text: How about this floor lamp ? 	labels: Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired ! 
text: We still need to find an armoire and a dresser . 	labels: Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things . 
text: Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set . 	labels: While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV . 	episode_done:True
text:We hope that our cooperation will continue . 	labels: Of course . We both experienced a good cooperation . 	episode_done:True
text: nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too	labels: Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Miss Wu ! Can I ask you something ? 	labels: Certainly . You are more welcome to do . What is it ? 
text: Tomorrow is my wife's birthday . We both love spicy Chinese dishes . I am wondering if you could recommend a good local restaurant where I can find some good spicy dishes . 	labels: Well , if spicy local dishes are what you are looking for , In Hua Restaurant is the best place to go . The restaurant serves very good and spicy local dishes . You might want to try there . 
text: How far is it from here ? 	labels: It is near the university . Five minutes ' walk from your flat , I think . 
text: Great . We'll go and have a try . Thank you very much . 	labels: You're welcome . May you have a good time . Please give my regards to your wife . I wish her a happy birthday tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? 	labels: Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . 
text: So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . 	labels: To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . 
text: As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . 	labels: Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? 
text: To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year . 	labels: Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own . 	episode_done:True
text:My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ? 	labels: If you want to speed up your system , you ’ Ve got to clean it up first . 
text: How ? 	labels: You need to free your disk space . The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use . Things should be fine next time you start . You also need to control what starts up . There is a program calls Start-up Delayer , It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts . For example , you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have experience in advertising ? 	labels: Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . 
text: What were you mean duties there ? 	labels: I mostly did advertising planning . 
text: What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? 	labels: I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . 
text: What was the most important thing you have learned at work ? 	labels: The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact in success . If I want to make in marking in advertising history , I can ’ t stop studying and creating . 	episode_done:True
text: Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?	labels: I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said . 	labels: I said , ' Do you want me to help you ? ' 
text: I'm trying to find a post office . 	labels: Go three blocks and turn right . It's right there . 
text: Should I take the bus ? 	labels: No . It'll only take about five minutes to walk . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: Anytime . 	episode_done:True
text:i drove around for half an hour.	labels:did you find a spot?	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations ! Is it a boy or a girl ? 	labels: It's a boy . 	episode_done:True
text:This is exciting ! Thank you so much ! 	labels: My pleasure . Release the parking brake , and we're almost ready to go . 
text: Boy oh , boy ! This is so cool . Let's rock and roll ! 	labels: OK . Relax . This car is an automatic , so you don't have to worry about a clutch . 	episode_done:True
text:You are too picky . 	labels: No , I'm not.Hey , look at that guy over there . 
text: Which guy ? 	labels: The guy in the blue shirt at the table by the window . 
text: I can't see him . Where ? 	labels: Right there . 
text: Oh , I see him now . Wait ! That's ... 	labels: Yes , it's Mel Gibson . 
text: Oh , wow ! It's really him ! Who is that woman he's with ? 	labels: I don't know . Why don't you go ask for his autograph ? 
text: I can't do that . 	labels: Why not ? 	episode_done:True
text:Lady , you look unhappy . What ’ s the beef ? 	labels: A man stepped on my feet when I was waiting for the taxi . 	episode_done:True
text:Professor , could I make an appointment with you ? 	labels: I am free tomorrow afternoon between two and four ; do you have a particular time in mind ? 
text: Two o'clock would be the best time . 	labels: Fine , do you know where my office is ? 
text: No , I'm not sure . 	labels: Remember , it is in the E building on the third floor . 
text: I see . 	labels: Don't worry , it will work out fine once you get there . I'll see you then . 
text: I'll see you then . 	labels: Looking forward to meeting with you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Is there a problem , officer ? 	labels: Did you notice that stop sign you ran through ? 
text: I'm sorry , I didn't even notice it . 	labels: You didn't see it ? 
text: I honestly couldn't see it because of the bushes growing over it . 	labels: That's true . Those bushes are a problem . 
text: I swear that I didn't mean to run it . 	labels: I can understand why you didn't stop for it . 
text: Are you going to give me a ticket today , sir ? 	labels: Under the circumstances , I think I'm just going to let you go with a warning . 
text: Thanks a lot . 	labels: No problem . Next time , just pay closer attention . 	episode_done:True
text:while you're using the bathroom, i'll order some food.	labels:don't order for me. i'm not hungry.	episode_done:True
text:When do you plan to deliver the goods ? 	labels: This weekend . 
text: Please pay close attention to the safety of the shipment . 	labels: Don't worry about that.We have experience . 	episode_done:True
text: from a high enough distance, yes?	labels: yeah. any vacation plans?	episode_done:True
text:  I have a problem with my online order.	labels:  What is the problem?
text:  I order a black jacket, but I received a white one.	labels:  I'm very sorry to hear that.  We can exchange the jacket for you.
text:  How do I return the wrong one?	labels:  You can return it by mail or return it to one of our stores.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . My name is Dan Ford . I have an appointment with the dentist at 3:30 . 	labels: Yes , Mr . Ford . The dentist will be ready to see you in a minute . Have a seat . 	episode_done:True
text:Paul ? I need to work out a time to get together with your people . 	labels: Does everybody need to be there ? Hilary and Jason are on vacation this week . 
text: It would be best if everybody could be there . How about next week sometime ? 	labels: Let me take a look at the schedule . I ’ ll get back to you this afternoon , all right ? 	episode_done:True
text:What's happening , officer ? 	labels: There is a fire in your building . You need to evacuate immediately . 
text: What ? A fire ? Oh , my God ! What shall I do ? Please get me out of here ! 	labels: Don't panic ! We'll help you get out of the building safely . 
text: I can smell smoke ! 	labels: Please follow my instructions . Use a wet towel to cover your mouth and nose . Walk quietly to th nearest emergency exit . Now go get the wet towel . 
text: OK . 	labels: Come with me . 
text: Sir , I need to go back to get my jewelry box . 	labels: Don't take your personal belongings . We need to get out of the building now ! 
text: Gosh ! I can see the flames ! 	labels: Crouch down and try not to breathe in the smoke . 	episode_done:True
text: Hello?	labels: Hi Joan. This is Karen. Are you free for lunch today?
text: Hi Karen. No, I'm having lunch with my mom. It's her birthday today.	labels: What about tomorrow?
text: I'm free tomorrow. Where should we go?	labels: There's a new Chinese restaurant downtown.
text: I love Chinese food! Let's check it out.	labels: Do you think we should make reservations.
text: Yeah, that might be a good idea.	labels: Should we invite anyone else?
text: Sure. How about Cathy and Lisa?	labels: Lisa is out of town. Let's invite Cathy and Sharon.
text: Ok. What time should we meet tomorrow?	labels: Noon?
text: Noon is perfect.	labels: Good. I'll call Cathy and Sharon right now.
text: Hopefully, then can meet at noon too.	labels: If they can't, I'll let you know.	episode_done:True
text:Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours ? 	labels: I haven't started yet , but I will . 
text: What time are you going to clean it up ? 	labels: I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later . 
text: I told you to clean it up earlier . 	labels: I know . I am still going to clean it up . 
text: Make sure you vacuum and dust your room . 	labels: I won't forget . 
text: I don't want you to leave until you clean up . 	labels: My plans aren't until later , so I'll clean it before I go . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome , young man . No offence , but I haven't seen you here before . 	labels: Of course , this is my first time here . My Mom has a membership here . Here is the card . 
text: Okay then . You are the younger customer here ever . 	labels: It's not so wise that you do not explore the children's market . 
text: It's the marketing's fault , I suppose.What do you want to do ? 	labels: Well , I want to become just like Bruce Lee . What should I do ? 
text: That's a long way to go , I'm afraid . First of all , you gotta grow up . 	labels: I am still young . And I'm growing every minute . 
text: Sure . Then what about trying the treadmill or the skipping rope . 	labels: I love running . Anything else ? 
text: Please change your clothes first ! 	labels: I'm perfect with my clothes . And I do not have anything else with me . 
text: Sorry , but no jeans here . 	labels: Oh , that's the only place where jeans are not popular . I'd better just go home . 	episode_done:True
text:The National Day is coming . What are you going to do during the holiday ? 	labels: I have no idea . 
text: Why don't you go sightseeing ? 	labels: It isn't a good time because there must be many tourists in the scenic spots . What about your plans ? 	episode_done:True
text:Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ? 	labels: Don ’ t dress like that . You ’ ll make fool yourself . You look stupid in that robe . 
text: What ? But it is my favorite piece of clothing . 	labels: Maybe it is . But it ’ s out of fashion . 
text: What am I going to do ? 	labels: Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Honey , I ’ ll be right back ! 	labels: Where are you going ? 
text: I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done . 	labels: Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? 
text: Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! 	labels: Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that ! 
text: They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish ! 	labels: Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do . 	episode_done:True
text:Mum , can I finish my homework later ? 	labels: Sorry . You know the rules . 
text: But I want to watch TV now . 	labels: That ’ s out of the question . 
text: Please . 	labels: Not a chance . 
text: Not even for an hour ? 	labels: Sorry , it ’ s impossible . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to have this laundry done . 	labels: Please fill out the form first . 
text: OK . By the way , I would like to have this sweater washed by hand in cold water . It might shrink otherwise . 	labels: By hand in cold water . Got it . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm going to the hospital to see Susan Green . 	labels: I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . 
text: Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? 	labels: No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . 
text: Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? 	labels: Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and I had to wait for half an hour at the bus stop 
text: Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 . 	labels: But number 13 buses leave from the centre of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one . 	episode_done:True
text: Open the door, police.	labels: What's going on?
text: We have a warrant for your arrest.	labels: What's the charge?
text: You are being arrested for robbery.	labels: I didn't rob anyone.
text: Tell it to the judge. Turn around, please.	labels: I know my rights!
text: You have the right to remain silent.	labels: How about my right to a lawyer?
text: You can call your attorney after we process you.	labels: I'm not saying anything else until I speak to a lawyer.	episode_done:True
text:What are in this folder ? 	labels: They are reports of our company . 
text: Are they filed alphabetically ? 	labels: No , they are filed according to dates . 
text: Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please ? 	labels: No problem , here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:i agree.	labels:you never know what might happen on these freeways.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time . 	labels: Hello , my old friend . Long time no see . How are you doing ? 
text: Well , I ’ m doing okay . And how about yourself ? 	labels: Not so well . To be honest with you , I broke up with Tom . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s the matter , dear ? 	labels: Something awful happened . We went to the Portobello Road , and someone stole my handbag . 
text: Oh , dear . Did you lose a lot of money ? 	labels: No . Only a few pounds . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worried about . 	episode_done:True
text:Susan , we ’ re going to need those data before tomorrow . 	labels: I know . I ’ m just waiting for confirmation on one of them . I can get them to you by tomorrow morning . 
text: Yeah ? All right . Thanks , Susan . 	labels: That ’ s all right . 	episode_done:True
text:S :: Welcome to Flash Foto.What can I do for you , ma ’ am ? 	labels: C :: I ’ d like to have this roll of film developed . 
text: S :: What size prints would you like ? 	labels: C :: Four by six will do . 	episode_done:True
text:Here you are. Enjoy your meal!	labels:Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:do you mind if I sit here ? 	labels: no , of course not . Go ahead . 
text: don't I know you ? 	labels: yes , now that you mention it , I think we had a chemistry class together in high school . 
text: you're right ! How are you ? It's been a long time ! 	labels: What did you do after high school ? 
text: I went straight to university afterwards . What about you ? 	labels: I took a year off to go travelling . 
text: that sounds exciting . Where did you go ? 	labels: I went all over the world . It was the best year of my life . Where did you go to school ? 
text: I went to a small school in Connecticut . It has a very good reputation for its languages department . 	labels: Oh , did you study a foreign language ? 
text: yes , I got a grant to study Chinese . 	labels: that's a very difficult language to learn , isn't it ? 
text: it is , but it's very rewarding . 	labels: so you can speak Chinese ? 
text: I can , but not as well as I'd like to . I'll be studying Chinese until the day I die ! 	labels: I think most languages take a lifetime to learn well . 	episode_done:True
text:no, i eat the same things day after day.	labels:then maybe it's in your genes.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ? 	labels: No , I was out . Was it worth watching ? 
text: You didn ’ t hear ? Spain won , two to zero . 	labels: Oh , really ? So , Spain is through to the next round ? 	episode_done:True
text:My wife gave birth to our first child today . 	labels: Wow ! I'm so happy for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , everyone . We will get to destination in only one hour . 	labels: Oh , yes . 
text: I hope that you had good journey . 	labels: Yes . Thank you . 
text: Make sure that your customs forms are with you . 	labels: And ? 
text: Before disembarkation , please get ready . 	labels: All right . 
text: By the way , don't forget your luggage on the ship . 	labels: Thank you for your reminding . 
text: You will see the beautiful city . 	labels: I can't wait to see it . 	episode_done:True
text:i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.	labels:you had an art class?	episode_done:True
text:well, a d is better than an f.	labels:a tutor helped me get the d!	episode_done:True
text:Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier . 	labels: Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place one machine instead of three . 
text: Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before . 	labels: When will we get one of those ? 	episode_done:True
text:we tell our students to leave the classroom.	labels:can they take their belongings?	episode_done:True
text:Reciting texts really bores me to death . 	labels: Do you have to remember every text ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to go shopping with me ? 	labels: That's a good idea.What time is good for you ? 
text: How about Saturday morning ? 	labels: Sounds good . 	episode_done:True
text:if not, your nose will wake you up.	labels:you mean i will smell the food cooking?	episode_done:True
text:did you go to university ? 	labels: yes , I graduated with a BA in English from Qingdao University . 
text: when did you graduate ? 	labels: just a few years ago . What about you ? 
text: I just graduated from high school . 	labels: are you planning on going to university ? 
text: I'd like to get a BA , but I don't know where I should go . 	labels: have you applied anywhere yet ? 
text: yes , I've applied to four universities and have been accepted into all of them . 	labels: congratulations ! Which one is the cheapest ? 
text: the tuition is the same for all of them . 	labels: which one has the most interesting course ? 
text: I think the course at Leeds University is interesting , but I think the one at Manchester University would be more practical . 	labels: where would you like to be located ? 
text: I'd really like to be in London , but it's the most expensive city in England to live in , so I don't know if I can afford to live there . 	labels: have you applied for grants or financial aid of some sort ? 
text: not yet . 	labels: I think you should do that soon . It will help you make a decision about the school you go to . 
text: that's a good idea . 	labels: good luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:pompous . How may I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner . 
text: How large a group are you expecting ? 	labels: Six couples . 
text: Would you like to reserve a private dining room ? 	labels: That sounds like a good idea . 
text: All right . May I have your name , Sir ? 	labels: My name is Ron Kollwitz . 	episode_done:True
text:i missed the tv news last night. what was on?	labels:nothing that would pass as news.	episode_done:True
text:remind me to never visit you.	labels:all the radios will be on extra loud.	episode_done:True
text:I hear that you are in love with Mike . 	labels: You are kidding . 
text: Don't you hit it off ? 	labels: Although we have many things in common , we'are not soul mates . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone . 	labels: I heard about that . It was successful . 
text: It's a big jump in science . Maybe more like a leap . 	labels: I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next . 	episode_done:True
text:There's a car waiting for you just outside the door . Right this way , please . 	labels: OK ! 
text: Let me put your cases into the trunk and please get in the back . 	labels: Thanks ! 
text: How was your flight ? 	labels: It's comfortable , but now I'm a little tired . 
text: We'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes . When we arrived there , you can go up and have a rest . The hotel has very good service , and it's considered as one of the best hotels here . 	labels: Thank you ! I lived there when I came to Beijing last time . It's comfortable and beautiful . 
text: If it's convenient for you , Mr . Wu would like to invite you to the banquet in honor of you in the evening . 	labels: Thank you ! I will . When and where will the dinner be ? 
text: At six o'clock in the International Hotel . We'll pick you up this afternoon . Besides , if you care for visiting , we'll arrange some sightseeing for you . 	labels: Oh , that's nice . Thank you for arranging all of this . 	episode_done:True
text:That will be $5.	labels:What?!I thought I could check out videos for free.	episode_done:True
text:Dear Anna . I really love you . 	labels: I love you , too . 
text: I want to take care of you forever . Will you marry me ? 	labels: Oh . My God ! Are you serious ? 
text: Am I too abrupt ? Did I scare you ? Or you don't want ... 	labels: No ! I have been expecting this moment for a long time . I mean my answer is ' yes ' . 
text: Oh , I'm so happy . I will try my best to love you and protect you . I promise . 	labels: I trust you . We'll be happy . 
text: Let me wear you this diamond ring . 	labels: It's so beautiful . 	episode_done:True
text:i never used to buy swiss cheese.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Dr.Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper . 	labels: Yes , of course.When ? 
text: Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 ? 	labels: Now let me check my schedule ... OK , you could to my office then . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today ? 	labels: I knew there would be a shower , but I didn't realize it would rain cats and dogs today . 
text: Well . You'd better take a hot shower right now , or you will catch a cold . 	labels: I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week . 	episode_done:True
text:the speed limit is 65!	labels:well, that's between 2:00 and 4:00 a.m.	episode_done:True
text:Does bullfight interest you much ? 	labels: Absolutely ! Everything that ’ s thrilling turns me on . 
text: So I ’ Ve got two tickets to the latest show but I need a little favor from you . 	labels: What is it ? 	episode_done:True
text:Well , it ’ s really too late . I have to go now . 	labels: Could you stay a little longer ? 
text: Sorry , I can ’ t.My mother doesn ’ t want me to be late . I really have to go . 	labels: In that case , I won ’ t keep you.Remember to give me a call . 	episode_done:True
text:Johnny , I want to thank you . 	labels: What do you mean , Mom ? For breaking your best china ? 
text: Oh , Johnny , that stuff was dollar store junk . No , I want to thank you for keeping Grandma busy . 	labels: Well , it's more like she kept me busy ... 
text: I know , and normally she's trying to tell me how to clean my house . So , thank you . 	labels: Am I back in your good books ? 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ? 	labels: Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there . 
text: Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ? 	labels: Yes , this is the right desk . Have you any luggage ? 
text: The suitcase , that ’ s all . Except my handbag . Of course . 	labels: Would you please put you suitcase on the scales ? You needn ’ t weigh your handbag . 
text: Is there a receipt ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ ll attach your baggage receipt to your ticket . 
text: What must I do next ? 	labels: You must go to immigration to the departure lounge . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , that ’ s a very nice hairdo you ’ re wearing ! 	labels: Oh you ’ re exaggerating . I ’ m never really good at making hairdo . 
text: You did it yourself ? Wow , you are good ! 	labels: Thanks for saying so , but my husband thinks otherwise . 	episode_done:True
text:it starts at 8 o'clock.	labels:oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?	episode_done:True
text:i'm watching you.	labels:i'm an open book. watch me all you want.	episode_done:True
text:well, it's good and bad.	labels:what's bad about it?	episode_done:True
text:I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend . 	labels: Sure , I think that would be possible . Where is the fundraiser ? 
text: It is in the park downtown . 	labels: Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday ? 
text: We will need it for Saturday only . 	labels: I think that would be OK . Who will be driving it ? 
text: Mary and I will be driving the van . 	labels: Could you drop it off on Sunday night ? 
text: Yes , we can do that . Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also ? 	labels: Yes , that would be fine . Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night . 	episode_done:True
text: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	labels: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	episode_done:True
text:hey, what's good with you?	labels:not a lot. what about you?	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? 	labels: Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . 
text: Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? 	labels: At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . 
text: Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . 	labels: Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . 
text: I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work . 	labels: OK , let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:How may I help you today ? 	labels: I need to make some copies . 
text: The copier is right over there . 	labels: Does it cost to use it ? 
text: We do charge to use the machine . 	labels: How much does it cost ? 
text: We charge ten cents a copy . 	labels: How many copies am I allowed to make ? 
text: There is no limit to how many copies you can make . 	labels: Would you mind showing me how to use it ? 
text: Please read the instructions on the copier . 	labels: Oh , okay . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:it's not my fault. you didn't wake me up.	labels:that's not my fault. you didn't tell me to wake you up.	episode_done:True
text:maybe because they didn't have to brush and floss.	labels:who invented flossing?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 	labels: Yes , I am.You must be Tom.Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you too.Let me help you with your bags . 	labels: Be careful , Tom.Those are pretty heavy . 	episode_done:True
text:i bet i've lost a couple of pounds already.	labels:all you've lost is some sweat.	episode_done:True
text:I hate to see the abuse of animals . 	labels: It makes me sick . 	episode_done:True
text:have you done your homework?	labels:not yet.	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? This is Mike here . May I have a word with Grace ? 	labels: She ’ s not at her desk at the moment . Is there any message I can give her ? 
text: Yes . Please tell her that tickets to Phantom of the Opera will be delivered in two days . My number is 6521684 0 , extension 236 . 	labels: Ok . I ’ ll let her know as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Baker for some business . 	labels: What time would you like to see him ? 
text: Would 9:00 o'clock tomorrow morning be alright ? 	labels: Just a moment , please . I'll check for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? 	labels: It was a nightmare . 
text: What ’ s up ? 	labels: Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . 
text: Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? 	labels: Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . 
text: This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? 	labels: I am still waiting for their call . 	episode_done:True
text:So , are you enjoying the performance so far ? 	labels: Well , the costumes and the set are marvellous , but the acting is a bit stiff . What do you think ? 
text: I think you're being a little critical . The actor in the lead role is fantastic . I suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though . 	labels: Do you know anyone in the play ? 
text: Actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine . 	labels: Really ? Is that why you wanted to come to the play ? 
text: That's only part of it . I absolutely adore this director . Every play he works on turns out great . 	labels: So you've seen other plays that he's directed ? 
text: Quite a few actually . By the way , after the play , there's always a big party for the cast and their friends . My friend has invited us . Do you want to go ? 	labels: Sure , I'd love to meet the cast ! Have you ever been in a play ? 
text: I've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school . 	labels: What did you do ? 
text: I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you ? 	labels: I once helped out with costumes , but I didn't enjoy it very much . 
text: Why not ? 	labels: I spent over three weeks sewing sequins on a coat . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel ? 	labels: I'm getting sleepy . 
text: You've had so long a flight . 	labels: Time difference also makes me feel weak . 
text: Oh , I forgot about it . 	labels: It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai . 	episode_done:True
text:Help ! Help ! 	labels: What's the trouble , ma'am ? 
text: I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away . 	labels: What did the young man look like ? 
text: Well , he's young , tall and thin . 	labels: To which direction did he run ? 	episode_done:True
text:What do you want to do tonight ? 	labels: I don't know . What do you want to do ? 
text: I have no idea . Do you think we're in a rut ? 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: Well , we do the same things every weekend . We go to the same restaurants . We see the same friends . You know what I mean ? 	labels: Yeah , I guess you're right . It's easy to get bogged down in the day to day , and forget to change things up once in a while . Let's break out and do something completely different tonight . 
text: Okay , I'll look in the events section of the paper to see what's going on tonight . Hmm , we could go to a concert . There is a good one tonight . I bet it's not sold out . But , we'll have to drive an hour to the venue . 	labels: An hour ? That's a bit of a bummer . Let me take a peek and see what else there is . How about going dancing ? We haven't done that in a while . There's a club in Silver Lake that's supposed to be hopping on Friday nights . Eddie from work told me that they have a really good DJ and a big dance floor , and the cover charge isn't bad . 
text: I'm not really in the mood for dancing , actually . You know what ? I just feel like staying home tonight and vegging , after all . How about you ? 	labels: Yeah , I was hoping you'd say that . It's nice to have the option to go out but I'd rather stay in . Maybe we can go out tomorrow night . 	episode_done:True
text:This is our best product . 	labels: How long will it take to make five hundred ? 
text: They'll be done before the end of the week . 	labels: Good . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure . 	labels: Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure , and 80 dollars for a pedicure . But with this special discount , the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars , and you can get them painted . 
text: That's nice . I'd like to give it a try . I think I like passion red . please . 	labels: Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut , too ? 
text: No . 	labels: Would you like the shapes square or round ? 
text: Square . But with round at the edges , please . 	labels: All right , it's done . Please follow me to the drying section . 
text: How long will it take to get them dry ? 	labels: Ten or about five minutes . You'll be all set . 	episode_done:True
text:great. which one?	labels:that one. a group of eight just sat down at it.	episode_done:True
text:let's go to a movie.	labels:i'd rather not.	episode_done:True
text: You need to try harder in school!	labels: I am doing well in school.
text: Then why are your marks in science so low?	labels: I don't understand science, that's all.
text: Is that the same reasoning you have for math?	labels: Yes, and English, too.
text: Tell me one single subject you're doing well in.	labels: Well, I'm doing wonderfully in my music class.
text: What about history?	labels: Only the parts about Woodstock.
text: That's it! You're grounded! No guitar for a month.	labels: Great, now I'll surely have a low GPA.	episode_done:True
text: Let's go for a ride.	labels: Where are we going?
text: Into the mountains.	labels: That sounds nice.
text: I want to show you my new car.	labels: You bought a new car?
text: Yes. I bought a Cadillac.	labels: A luxury car.
text: Luxury plus speed.	labels: What are we waiting for?
text: Let me get the keys.	labels: Let me get my camera.	episode_done:True
text:do we need reservations?	labels:oh, no. we can walk right in.	episode_done:True
text:Now that we know what kind of music we will play , we have to decide what each of us will do . 	labels: Well , I love hip hop dancing , so I should probably dance . Do you know how to rap ? 
text: Oh yeah ! I'm a great rapper . And I know all the Vanilla Ice lyrics by heart . 	labels: Excellent . I'll start practicing my dance moves . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! They've got everything here . All the world's famous brands . Aunt Cindy , what is your favorite brand ? 	labels: I love all the fashionable things . But my favorite brand is Chanel . 
text: Oh , that's a very expensive brand , but with good reason . 	labels: Yeah . Each style is specially designed by world's top designers . So they can always make you look amazing . 
text: I see . Come here . The high heels here look really attractive . But I wonder whether it's comfortable to wear any of them ? 	labels: Not really , especially at the beginning , if you wear high heels all day long , your feet would hurt . But , no big deal . Women can always get used to that . 
text: It's not a simple thing to be beautiful . 	labels: Sure . But everyone loves to be beautiful . Hey , do you think this pair of sunglasses matches the handbag well ? 
text: Yeah , very tasteful . And with them , you look even more fashionable . Oh , there are so many French perfumers . Oops , perfumes for guys ? So strange ! 	labels: Come on . Fashion is not only for women . Men also share the equal right to chase fashion . It's the new fashion for men to wear perfumes , which is called cologne . 
text: Oh , really , that's really something new . I'm afraid not everyone can accept it . 	labels: It takes time for that . But people's consuming attitudes are changing quickly . 
text: That's true . Well , it's obvious that fashion is not a cheap thing . So , do you spend all your money on it ? 	labels: No . Fashion is just part of my life , which improves its quality . But also , I'm good at financing . I have a credit card , but I never overdraft . 
text: How is it that you are my mom's sis ? You two are so different . She always picks up bargains and spends more than she earns . You do so much better than her . 	labels: I have to say that's just the result of difference of our consumptive habits . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Steve . When's the next time you're going to play golf ? 	labels: I'm going out this Saturday . 
text: Do you already have a foursome ? 	labels: Unfortunately , we do . Let's plan for something together for Wednesday . We can go right after work . 
text: That sounds good . Where do you want to play ? 	labels: We won't have much time , so let's play somewhere close to work . 
text: How about Bellevue ? It's pretty close . 	labels: How much does it cost over there ? 
text: Twilight rates are 21 dollars . 	labels: That's pretty good . Let's do it . 
text: Aright . I'll get a tee time for Wednesday at about 4 	labels: Make it 4 
text: Ok . I'll call you later when I get a tee time . 	labels: Sounds good . I'll see you on Wednesday then . 
text: Aright . Have fun on Saturday . 	labels: Will do . 	episode_done:True
text:I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend . 	labels: oh . 
text: don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office for a couple of days ? 	labels: sure . 
text: I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this . Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you . All you have to do it get on the train tonight a 	labels: the train ? Will I be flying back then ? 
text: oh , no . We've brought your return ticket for you . I think you'll find it comfortable . 	labels: will the train be very crowded ? 
text: oh no . the train hasn't been crowded at all recently . Besides , you're in first-class , so you'll be fine . 	labels: when is the first meeting then ? 
text: they've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9:00 tomorrow morning . That should give you enough time to have a quick shower . 	labels: where will I be staying ? 
text: we've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings , so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system . 	labels: that's very sensible . Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip ? 	episode_done:True
text:Ladies and gentlemen , dear Mr . Simpson . Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company , we established steady cooperation . And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr . Simpson with us . Mr . Simpson is well-known for his success and his career . So first of all , let me , on the behalf of all present here , extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest . Now let's invite Mr . Simpson to give us his speech . 	labels: I want to show my gratitude for your hospitality . And I believe me trip here will be meaningful and our cooperation will go deeper and stabler in near future . Through the communication , we can know more about each other . Thank you so much for your consideration . 	episode_done:True
text:Maybe you should have told me first ? 	labels: Why ? 
text: Because we're partners . 	labels: I realize that but I needed to make a decision . 	episode_done:True
text:What is this big box at the front door ? 	labels: Oh . I don't know what to do . I joined this club a long time ago and I didn't read the fine print . 
text: What did you get yourself into ? 	labels: I didn't realize that I have to buy something from them every six months . 
text: So , what's in the box ? A fridge ? 	labels: It's a curio cabinet . The only thing is I don't even own those kinds of little keepsakes . 
text: I guess you'll read the fine print next time , won't you ! 	labels: Don't rub it in . Where am I going to put this huge thing ? 	episode_done:True
text:I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me ? 	labels: Well , i want to go to the university flea market , they got times of books , DVDs , and a lot of nice clothing , too . 
text: How about we go to the yard sale first and then to the university flea market ? 	labels: Good idea , let's shop to we drop ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Jane . What do you do in your spare time ? 	labels: Well , nothing special , reading , watching TV , walking , and so on . 
text: Don't you have any hobbies , like stamp collecting or things like that ? 	labels: No , I don't have any hobbies . How about you ? 
text: I like collecting antiques . It's expensive , but it's a lot of fun . 	labels: Really ? How many collections do you have ? 
text: So far I have more than 500 collections . 	labels: Among those collections , which is the most expensive ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon ! Where to ? 	labels: Tian'anmen Square . 
text: You are going to Tian'anmen Square . No problem . 	labels: How long will it take ? We are in a great hurry . 
text: Around 20 minutes , but it all depends on the traffic . 	labels: Hope there is no traffic jam . 
text: By this time , it's better . The rush hour is over . 	labels: Could you drop us off on that corner ? 
text: Sure thing . Here we are . 	labels: How much do we owe you ? 
text: Eight yuan twenty cents . 	labels: Here is ten yuan . Keep the change , please . 
text: Thank you . Have a nice day . 	labels: Thanks and you too . 	episode_done:True
text:i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.	labels:i especially love the night air when it rains.	episode_done:True
text:I like to stay here . 	labels: Why ? 
text: People are very kind down your way . You ’ re lucky . 	labels: Yes , do you always gather to welcome new comers ? 
text: Never . 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text: I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you 🙂	labels: hit me with it! 	episode_done:True
text:Happy birthday , Jim ! 	labels: Thank you , Lisa . 
text: Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . 	labels: Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time . 
text: I'm very glad to hear that . 	labels: Come here , let me introduce some friends to you . 	episode_done:True
text:Why are you so rude to your wife ? 	labels: I didn't like her butting in where I didn't want her . She's a chatter box . 
text: But she means to help you , not to trouble you . 	labels: I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point . 	episode_done:True
text:Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ? 	labels: First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight . 
text: I will go to bed early tonight . 	labels: Do you have an airsickness ? 
text: I don't know . But I have a carsickness . 	labels: You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness . 	episode_done:True
text: Hey Ashley, what are you going to do this Winter Break?	labels: I'm going skiing with some friends. What about you, Linda?
text: I'm going to visit my parents for a few days.	labels: That's nice. Do they live near?
text: No. They live in New York.	labels: Does it snow a lot during the winter there?
text: Yeah. It's beautiful. I take a lot of pictures since we don't get much snow here.	labels: Is that where your hometown is?
text: Yeah. I miss seeing snow.	labels: You should go skiing with us one day. There's a lot of snow in the mountains during the winter.
text: That's an idea. But I don't know how to ski?	labels: You don't know how to ski, but you love snow?
text: Yeah, we didn't do much skiing growing up.	labels: I'll teach you then. Skiing is fun!
text: That's ok. I'd rather just drink hot chocolate and snuggle in warm blankets by the fireplace.	labels: Winter is the best time for that, too!	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . My name is John Smith . I'm an import manager . 	labels: How do you do , Mr . Smith ? My name is Thou Hong . 
text: Nice to meet You , Ms . Thou . We've learned that you specialize in the export of electronic products . 	labels: Will you please take a seat ? Mr . Smith , have you seen the display of our electronic products in the exhibition hall downstairs ? 
text: Yes . I had a look just now . I found some of the exhibits of excellent quality and beautiful design . I feel we 	labels: Sure we can . You know , we've been in this line for more than twenty years . 
text: So , Ms . Thou , we're a newly-established company , but we have wide connections with wholesalers and retailers all over America . 	labels: Good . We can hold more talks later on to iron out the details . 	episode_done:True
text:An idea about killing time on a train ? 	labels: I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it . 
text: But there's quite a lot of rumors about it . 	labels: That's why it's interesting . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh ! My mouth is on fire ! 	labels: I feel so good . That warm hot pot certainly hits the spot on winter nights . 
text: I need more water ! 	labels: Oooo ... gross ... you're sweating all over the place . 
text: It's your fault for mixing the two broths ! 	labels: You're going to have a little Montezuma's revenge tomorrow morning . 	episode_done:True
text:if only i was talented.	labels:you have a talent. you just don't know what it is yet.	episode_done:True
text:Are you alright , Ethan ? You don't seem to be as cheerful as you normally are . 	labels: To be honest , Ava , I've just had a really bad day . 
text: What happened ? 	labels: First , I slept through my alarm and ended up two hours late to work . 
text: What did your boss say ? 	labels: He told me that if I showed up late one more time , he'd fire me . He's so mean ! 
text: That's horrible . Was that the first time you'd shown up late to work ? 	labels: That was my second time . The first time , I was in a car accident . 
text: Is your boss Chinese ? 	labels: No , he's from Australia . Before I met him , I thought Australians were supposed to be relaxed and easy-going . I had no idea he'd be so fussy about things . 
text: What are you going to do ? 	labels: I think I'm going to look for another job . I need to find a boss that is a bit more sensitive and optimistic than my current boss . 
text: That sounds like a sensible plan . Do you want me to help you with your job search ? 	labels: That's very generous of you . Thanks for the offer . 	episode_done:True
text: People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.	labels: Does it make sense?	episode_done:True
text:it's so much trouble.	labels:it's common sense.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you . 	labels: I am sorry too . I know we've been talking about this beach trip for a while . I should have told Bob I was busy this weekend . 
text: don't be silly . You guys should spend as much time together as you can . Besides we can go to the beach anytime . 	labels: thanks for understanding . 
text: well that's what being friends is about , isn't it ? 	labels: hey , what if the three of us go to the beach together ? Besides , you and Bob haven't seen each other for a while . I don't want my best friend and my boyfriend to be complete strangers . 
text: Nah , I wouldn't worry about that . But I don't want to be the third wheel . You two should have some quiet time to yourselves . 	labels: I know Bob won't mind . You can bring a date , like that guy from the bar you keep talking about . 
text: maybe ... I'll think about it . 	labels: well , I think you should come and have some fun . Besides you never know maybe he likes you as well . You should at least try . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like any toast , dear ? 	labels: Um ? 
text: Toast , dear ? 	labels: As you like . 
text: Would you like any tea , dear ? 	labels: It doesn ’ t make any difference to me . 
text: Oh , you ’ re not listening to me . 	labels: Leave me alone . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, it would be. 	labels:i really wish it wasn't so hot every day.	episode_done:True
text:Emily , what kind of report is this ? 	labels: What do you mean , Mr . Smith ? You said to make it brief . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ? 	labels: Not at all . Go ahead . 
text: I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff.Is that true ? 	labels: Not really , so long as you follow all the regulations . 
text: If you make mistakes in your job , you'll be fired . Is that right ? 	labels: No . Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes . The most important thing is to be responsible for your work . 
text: Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime.Is that true ? 	labels: Yes.That ' s true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary , today a man from an intermediary gave me a call . 	labels: What did he say ? 
text: He said he saw my job-seeking information on the Internet , and could offer me an appropriate job . 	labels: What kind of intermediary is it ? 
text: It's a recruiting agency which specializes in introducing talented people to companies and businesses . 	labels: What job did he recommend to you ? 
text: It's on telemarketing . 	labels: Does he ask you to pay some fees ? 
text: No , he said the employers will pay for it . 	labels: Then what do you think about it ? 
text: I feel it is OK and I want to give it a try . 	labels: Sure , but you must verify that first and don't easily make a promise . 
text: Of course , I will . 	labels: Good luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ? 	labels: 10 fifteen a . m . 
text: Can I get the ticket here ? 	labels: Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like tea ? 	labels: Yes , but I don't know much about it . 
text: Tea does good to people's health . There are many kinds of tea.Say , black tea , green tea , scented tea , brick tea , milk tea , Jas - mine tea , chrysanthemum tea and so on . 	labels: My favourite is Jasmine tea . I like its aroma . 	episode_done:True
text:especially the metal ones.	labels:i don't park at a store that uses metal shopping carts.	episode_done:True
text:Mom , have we got any cookies ? 	labels: Cookies ? You just ate an hour ago . 
text: I know , but I'm hungry . 	labels: Well , why don't you have some fruit instead ? 	episode_done:True
text:high school or middle school?	labels:high school.	episode_done:True
text:Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on the scale . 
text: Your luggage is overweight . The free allowance for luggage is 20 kilos . 	labels: Oh , can I keep this little suitcase as hand-luggage ? 
text: OK , in this way it's just below the limit . 	labels: Here's your ticket and your boarding card . 	episode_done:True
text:Were you around when the robbery happened ? 	labels: Yes , I was . 
text: Could you explain what you saw ? 	labels: I was in the bank at the time of the robbery . 
text: What did you see ? 	labels: I saw a man come in with a gun . 
text: Did you see his face ? 	labels: No . He had a mask on . 
text: Did he come in with anyone else ? 	labels: He was by himself . 
text: Would you come down to the station for further questioning ? 	labels: That shouldn't be a problem . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to get some meat today . 	labels: What kind do you need ? 
text: I need about a pound of ground beef . 	labels: The ground beef is $ 2.48 a pound . 
text: That sounds good . 	labels: What else would you like ? 
text: I also need three pounds of chicken breasts . 	labels: The chicken breasts are $ 4.05 a pound . 
text: How much will the three pounds of chicken cost altogether ? 	labels: Altogether , it's going to be $ 12.15 . 
text: That will be all for me . 	labels: All right , let me get your meat for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I'm looking for Bluemingdails . Could you tell me how to get there ? 	labels: Sure . It's very close actually.You go straight down this road . Then you turn left , at the next junction . 
text: Left the next junction . Ok . 	labels: Bluemingdails is on the corner of that block . You see it as you turn left.Seriously , You can't miss it.It ' s enormous . 	episode_done:True
text:when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.	labels:i could pick only one or the other?	episode_done:True
text:Well , Mr . Cui , could you tell me why you are interested in working with this company ? 	labels: I think working in this company could give me the best chance to use what I have learnt . As you know , I majored in computer programming in the university . I've cherished a desire to get a job where I can apply my knowledge . I know your company is one of the largest computer companies in the world , and I wish to have opportunity to develop my capabilities here . That ’ s why I applied . 
text: I see . But have you ever done any work in this field ? 	labels: Yes , since 1993 , I ’ Ve been employed as a clerk in the Beijing Branch of the DHAK Trading Corporation . 
text: Why do you plan to change your job ? 	labels: Because I would like to get a job in which I can have good opportunity for advancement , and the job was not challenging enough . 
text: Have you applied for work with any other companies ? 	labels: Yes , I applied with another company , but that was just to get experience in being interviewed . 
text: If you are accepted at both places , which company will you choose ? 	labels: This one , of course . Your company is my first choice . I want to work for you . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you guys doing over there ? 	labels: What do you mean , Janice ? 
text: I ’ Ve been waiting for a response on the Blake Building design for nearly two weeks . 	labels: I ’ m sorry , Janice . But we ’ Ve been waiting on the client . It ’ s out of our hands at the moment . 	episode_done:True
text:How much was your watch ? 	labels: Take a guess . 	episode_done:True
text:They are playing the wedding march , and I have felt tears . 	labels: I'm very touched , and I can't help bursting into tears at the wedding . 
text: Really ? I have seen that our wedding , but just mary's . 	labels: Mary looks so beautiful in the wedding gown , and I record the moment that I was bride . 
text: You are always be the most beautiful one in the world . What is the bridemaid's name ? 	labels: Judy , Why are you so interested in her ? 
text: Don't be so sensitive , just a casual question , I caught you looking at the groomsman 	labels: He's terribly handsome . 
text: I wonder why he is chosen to be the groomsman , and why mary doesn't marry him since he's much more attractive . 	labels: Why are you so bitter ? No one tells worse joke than you . 	episode_done:True
text:cigarette lighters. i'll make a fortune.	labels:but you hate cigarettes and you hate smoking!	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , where can I find a guide ? 	labels: You can find one at the ticket office . 
text: Thanks a lot . Have a nice day . 	labels: You are welcome . 	episode_done:True
text: Oh man I would highly recommend it	labels: Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?	episode_done:True
text:I like NBA very much . 	labels: Did you watch NBA games before you came to the U . S . ? 
text: No , I didn't . 	labels: What a pity ! 
text: Do you like NBA ? 	labels: Yes , of course . 
text: Who do you like best of the NBA players ? 	labels: Kobe . 
text: So do I . 	labels: Let's go to watch an NBA game tonight , shall we ? 	episode_done:True
text:There are things that are actually even smaller than atoms . 	labels: What are those ? 
text: They are the things that make up the atom , such as electrons and protons . 	labels: Is there anything that is smaller than electrons and protons ? 
text: Of course there is . Things can be divided and broken down into indefinitely small parts if we can . 	labels: I really don't want to know about this . Physics gives me a headache . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 	labels: Good morning . I'd like to pay my bill . 
text: OK . In cash or by credit ? 	labels: In cash . How much is the total charge ? 
text: Five hundred and thirty yuan altogether including charges for service . 	labels: Here you are . Thanks for your wonderful service . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope they are fast minutes.	labels:think about something else. think about a hamburger.	episode_done:True
text:there sure are혰at least a million.	labels:so how do you plan to become rich?	episode_done:True
text:he spoke to them and made them feel better.	labels:did he speak to every family that lost a soldier?	episode_done:True
text:i think i've put on some weight.	labels:you think?	episode_done:True
text:What do you want to do in this company after five years ? 	labels: I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing . I ’ m very interested in the European market hopefully , in Brussels . 
text: Why do you think so ? 	labels: It ’ s truly exciting to work in newly emerging unified market . Brussels will be center of the new market in the continent . 
text: What are you looking for in your next job ? 	labels: My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people . It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team . I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential . 
text: What is your career objective ? 	labels: I want to apply my knowledge and experience to a challenging position and finally move on to management level . 
text: What do you consider important when looking for a job ? 	labels: I think the most important thing is the nature of the job . One should never do anything one is not interested in . To me , pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important . 	episode_done:True
text:you're right. i think it's going to rain later.	labels:in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.	episode_done:True
text:well, someone brought it into the house.	labels:look at the bottom of my shoes혰they're clean.	episode_done:True
text:i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.	labels:what do you have to do?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to pay my bill now . 	labels: Your name and room number , please ? 
text: Tom Wilson in Room 306 . 	labels: Have you used any hotel services this morning ? 
text: No . 	labels: OK . You have stayed for four nights at 90 US dollars each , and here are the meals that you had at the hotel . That makes a total of 660 US dollars . 
text: Can I pay by credit card ? 	labels: Of course . Please sign your name here . 	episode_done:True
text:How much money do you expect in this position ? 	labels: With my experience , I'd like to start at 3,000 RIB per month . 
text: Well , it is a little more than we had planned . 	labels: I think you will find I am worth it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Joe , how have you been ? 	labels: I am doing well . How about you , Mary ? 
text: I am doing OK , Joe . 	labels: There is a new movie at the mall that I want to see . Want to go with me ? 
text: I can't because I already promised my roommate that I would go shopping with her . 	labels: I could go to the movies on Friday night instead . Would that be better ? 
text: Did you have a certain movie in mind ? 	labels: I thought the movie about a serial killer who rapes and mutilates his victims would be a good choice . 
text: I kind of wanted to see “ The Secret Life of Bees . ” 	labels: Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie ! 	episode_done:True
text:You look really wiped out ? 	labels: I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . 
text: Not a good day . I hate to tell you that Mr . Thomas wants to see the profit ’ s statement for new project tomorrow morning . 	labels: I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight . 	episode_done:True
text:We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left . 	labels: Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ? 
text: I am not sure . 	labels: Don ’ t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , how was your honeymoon ? 	labels: It was fantastic ! We had such a good time . The only problem was that because it was their high season , we spent hours queuing . 
text: Peak periods always entail hours of queuing . At least you got a nice tan though ! 	labels: Yes , Florida had great weather while we were there . You look tan , too . Did you go somewhere ? 
text: My friends and I just got back from Bali . 	labels: Wow ! Bali Islands have some of the best beaches in the world , don't they ? 
text: Yes , we were lucky . My friend's father owns a resort on one of the islands , so we were able to stay for free . 	labels: Did you go diving while you were there ? 
text: I took a few diving classes , but I didn't really like it , so I did snorkeling instead ! 	labels: Did you take any pictures in the ocean ? 
text: I've got quite a few pictures of all different kinds of fish . I'll show them to you next time I see you . 	labels: Have you started planning your christmas vacation yet ? 
text: We're planning on going skiing in Switzerland . Do you ski ? 	labels: No , but I do like snowboarding . 
text: Would you like to go skiing with us for christmas ? 	labels: I'll talk to my husband about it ; I'm sure he'll say yes ! He loves Switzerland ! 	episode_done:True
text:Mandy , Would you like to come for dinner tonight ? 	labels: Dinner ? Where ? 
text: At the new Five Spices restaurant in Chaoyang . 	labels: What kind of food do they serve ? 
text: It ’ s Asian fusion . I heard it ’ s delicious . 	labels: Oh really ! That sounds lovely . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you an art aficionado ? 	labels: Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ? 
text: I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art . 	labels: I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school . 
text: Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture . 	labels: I like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you . 
text: I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there . 	labels: That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ? 	episode_done:True
text:In order to extend our export business to your country , we wish to enter into direct business relations with you . 	labels: It's our pleasure . 	episode_done:True
text:You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . 	labels: What makes you say that ? 
text: I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first . 	labels: But everything has been so easy . 
text: Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that . 	labels: Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things . 	episode_done:True
text:Room service.May I come in ? 	labels: Come in please . 
text: This is your breakfast.Can I put it here ? 	labels: Sure.How much is it ? 
text: That's $ 10 . 	labels: Well , here is the money . 
text: Sir , you don't have to pay right now.Just sign here and we will charge it to your account . 	labels: Fine . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to watch the Oscars on Tv tonight . How about you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd love to . It ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good . 
text: I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo . 	labels: Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ? 
text: I'm really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders . 	labels: You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ? 
text: You might think this strange , but I like the category for “ best foreign language film " . 	labels: It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the “ best actor and actress ” . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard you were teaching English over there.Tell me about it . Did you like it ? 	labels: Oh , yes , it was very interesting . 
text: What were the schools like ? 	labels: Oh , I didn't actually teach in the schools . I taught after school . I taught in English institutes . 
text: But you taught children , yes ? 	labels: Yes . That's right.But children in Taiwan are very different from children in America.At least as far as studying is concerned.Many children in Taiwan go to special institutes after school . 
text: They actually study after school ? 	labels: That's right.After their school day is over , they go to a special institute to study math or English.They are very serious about learning over there . 
text: Hmm . That sounds pretty oppressive for the kids . Don't they ever relax ? 	labels: Of course they do.You know , Eliza , before I went over there I thought the same thing . I thought that maybe kids in Taiwan study too much.But now that I've worked there , and taught them , I feel it is a good thing.Their parents are very concerned about their education . More than American parents are . And that is good . American kids don't study enough . 
text: Asian cultures value learning very much . I know that . 	labels: So it was interesting for me to see parents very concerned about education.They would come to me after the class and ask how their son or daughter was doing . I don't think that's a bad thing . I think it's a good thing.In America , too many parents don't pay attention . 
text: But aren't the kids tired out ? I mean , they go to school all day , and then they go to school in the evening too . 	labels: As an English teacher , I tried to make the lessons as fun as possible . I tried to have a good time with my classes . The students often enjoyed it.And if the students enjoyed it , they learned more . So it was a good experience . 
text: Are the kids in Taiwan very obedient ? 	labels: That's a stereotype we Americans have.We think that Asian kids are very obedient and quiet.But it's not true . There are plenty of naughty kids too . 
text: Hmm . I know you taught in Costa Rica also.Which did you like better--Costa Rica or Taiwan ? 	labels: I don't know . In Costa Rica , I taught adults.So it was a very different thing . So I really can't compare . 	episode_done:True
text:Where would you like the money transferred?	labels:I want it transferred into my checking account.	episode_done:True
text:I prefer potatoes to eggplants . 	labels: I feel eggplants are more nutritious . 
text: But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better . 	labels: Oh , that's how you see it . 	episode_done:True
text:Now what do I do?	labels:Then you need to type in your PIN.	episode_done:True
text:Bill , I must tell you the truth . You failed the English exam again . 	labels: Ah ? Really ? That stinks ! 
text: Haha . April Fool's ! Did you forget what day it is today ? 	labels: Wow , you were pulling my leg all along . I was really fooled . 	episode_done:True
text:Miss Sun , could you please type this report for me ? 	labels: Certainly , Mr . Baker . 
text: Could you please double space it so I can make corrections ? 	labels: Yes , I will . Do you need it finished right away ? 	episode_done:True
text: I was wondering if I could change my major from biology to political science.	labels: Those majors are very different from each other.
text: I know, but I hate biology. I can't see myself studying it anymore.	labels: You can change it, but you'll have to take more classes.
text: I don't mind. Political science is really interesting to me.	labels: You would be graduating a year late.
text: Oh, no. I have to think a little more about this then.	labels: I think you should change it, since you hate biology.
text: Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry I am so indecisive.	labels: A lot of people change majors. It's normal.
text: But not as late as I did. I hate that I'm graduating after all my friends.	labels: You're making the right choice.	episode_done:True
text:of course. did you?	labels:i didn't want to, so i didn't.	episode_done:True
text:Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? 	labels: That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . 
text: Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? 	labels: Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . 
text: Is there anything I should do ? 	labels: You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol.Give up smoking at least a little while . 
text: Should I take some medicine ? 	labels: Yes . I'm going to give you some.Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please . 
text: It's very kind of you . 	labels: You're welcome . We wish you a speedy recovery.Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir , but you have to put your bags here before entering the market . 	labels: Oh . I am sorry . I was busy looking for some whisky.Can you tell me the exactly place where I can find any ? 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for coming so quickly . 	labels: No problem . What ’ s wrong ? 
text: A pipe in my apartment is leaking . 	labels: Where is the pipe ? 
text: The pipe is in my bathroom . 	labels: Can you tell me how long the pipe has been leaking ? 
text: The pipe has been leaking for a couple days . 	labels: You do realize that I will need to rip down your wall to get to the pipe , right ? 
text: Yes , I ’ m aware of that . 	labels: Is that all right ? 
text: I just need the problem fixed . 	labels: I ’ ll get started on it now . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like me to help you on your new project?	labels:I would love the help! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing?	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work . 	labels: That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable . 
text: I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance . 	labels: All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Do you like this jewelry ? I made most of these items myself . 	labels: You really have talent . How did you learn to do this ? 
text: My mother taught me some tricks of the trade . I've always loved jewelry . 	labels: Me , too . But I could never make bracelets like these . 
text: I've been making these designs for over ten years . You can have a bracelet for ten dollars . 	labels: I'll take one right now for seven dollars . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any shoes like these ? 	labels: What size ? 
text: Size five . 	labels: What colour ? 
text: Black . 	labels: I ’ m sorry . We don't haven any . 
text: But my sister bought this pair last month . 	labels: Did she buy them here ? 
text: No , she bought them in the U . S . 	labels: We had some shoes like those a month ago , but we don't have any now . 
text: Can you get a pair for me please ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t . They were in fashion last year and the year before last . But they ’ re not in fashion this year . These shoes are in fashion now . 
text: They look very uncomfortable . 	labels: They are very uncomfortable . But women always wear uncomfortable shoes ! 	episode_done:True
text: Hey, what's up?	labels: Just chillin'. how are you?	episode_done:True
text:i read a lot.	labels:i thought drunks caused most accidents.	episode_done:True
text: Finally we'll have a Democratic mayor in New York City.	labels: I don't even know what that is like.
text: Exactly! There hasn't been a Democrat running this city in a long time.	labels: I hope he will live up to all his campaign promises.
text: He will. The mayor elect is really sincere.	labels: They all seem sincere in the beginning.
text: This is really going to turn the city around.	labels: How will that happen?
text: Are your kidding? There will be better schools.	labels: The school system is pretty bad right now.
text: There will also be more affordable housing.	labels: The city sure could use that.	episode_done:True
text:Have you had any medical experience in any hospital before coming here ? 	labels: Yes , I worked as a doctor at Beijing People's Hospital . 
text: How long have you been there ? 	labels: A little over 3 years . 
text: In what section did you work in the hospital ? 	labels: I worked in the Infection Medicine Division . 	episode_done:True
text:maybe it's something in your diet.	labels:no, i eat the same things day after day.	episode_done:True
text:Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ? 	labels: Let me check . It has a paper jam . 
text: I didn ’ t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out . 	labels: Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot . 	episode_done:True
text:i saw you looking at that woman.	labels:what woman?	episode_done:True
text:This looks like a nice restaurant . 	labels: Yeah , it is . I come here all the time . 
text: Let's sit over there . 	labels: OK . 
text: Can you pass me a menu please . 	labels: Sure . What are you going to have to drink ? 
text: I'm going to have a glass of beer . How about you ? 	labels: I think I'll have a glass of wine . 
text: Do you want to order an appetizer first ? 	labels: Not really , maybe we can just order some bread . 
text: OK . What are you going to have to eat ? 	labels: I'm not sure . I haven't decided yet . Can you recommend something ? 
text: Sure , I've had the steak and the lobster before . They're both very good . 	labels: I think I'll have the lobster . What are you going to have ? 
text: I'm not that hungry . I think I'm just going to have a salad . 	labels: I'm gonna go to the bathroom . When the waitress comes back , will you order for me ? 	episode_done:True
text:I feel dizzy and I have a headache . 	labels: How long have you been sick ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . I guess I have lost it . 	labels: Don't worry about it . 
text: I really feel bad about it . Let me buy you a new one . 	labels: No . Don't be silly . I wouldn't dream of letting you do that . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll be on business for a couple of days , could you take care of your sister ? 	labels: OK , Mum , when will you be back ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course . First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ? 	labels: Cardiopulmonary resuscitation ! 
text: That ’ s right ! We apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest . 	labels: What does that mean ? 
text: Well , basically if your heart stops pumping blood , or your lungs stop pumping air , then we need to get them going again ! That ’ s when we have to apply this procedure . Let ’ s begin ! I need a volunteer . 	labels: Me ! Me ! 
text: Alright , come here and lay flat on your back . Let ’ s suppose this young woman has stopped breathing . We must lift the person ’ s chin so that we clear a pathway for air to get into the lungs . Then we place our mouth over the other person ’ s mouth and blow air two or three times , like this . 	labels: Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this ! 
text: Madam I ’ m not trying to kiss you ! I am trying to demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of an emergency . 	labels: Well , OK . But no French kissing ! 
text: As I was saying , we blow air through the mouth in this manner . Once this is done , we must try to get the heart going again . To do this , we place our hands over the person ’ s chest , and press down firmly two or three times . 	labels: Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base ! 	episode_done:True
text:Gosh , another stop.It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus . 	labels: That's true . During rush hours , taxis are just as quick as buses . 
text: It was silly of me to have taken a taxi . 	labels: At least , it can free you from the crowd . By the way , do you come from China ? 
text: No , from New Zealand , sir . I visited New Zealand and saw lots of overseas people there . 	labels: Wow , like America . It receives a great number of visitors every year . 	episode_done:True
text:it's based on a true story about a divorced man and his young son.	labels:well, i hope it has a happy ending.	episode_done:True
text:I beg your pardon for being late . 	labels: Better late than never . 
text: So sorry , I don't mean to be . 	labels: That's perfectly all right . 
text: Thanks for your forgiving . 	labels: It's really of nothing . 
text: I'll work hard . 	labels: That's quite all right . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars . 	labels: Have you got anything cheaper ? 
text: Sorry . I think that's the cheapest 	labels: May I try it on ? 
text: Yes . you can The fitting room is right over there . 	labels: All right . I think I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:the cat is meowing. he's hungry.	labels:okay. i'll feed him right now.	episode_done:True
text:What's that book you have under your arm ? 	labels: It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . 
text: How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . 	labels: I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . 
text: Is it really worth paying for ? 	labels: I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter . 	episode_done:True
text:Your prices seem a little high . 	labels: We could make it lower for you . What's your counter-offer ? 
text: We make a counter-offer to you of $ 150 per metric ton F . O . B . London . 	labels: If you order in large lots , we'll accept the price . 
text: OK . We will increase our order . 	labels: All right , as a token of friendship , we accept your counter-offer . 	episode_done:True
text:Miss , the air-conditioner in my room doesn't work . 	labels: Oh , sorry about that.We ' ll get it fixed as soon as we can . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you mind if I ask you a question ? If it ’ s too personal you can forget it . 	labels: I don ’ t mind at all . You can ask me anything . We ’ re friends . 
text: Have you got a scholarship , or are you on your own ? 	labels: I have a scholarship from my government for four years . How about you ? 
text: I have a tuition scholarship from the university . Otherwise I ’ m on my own . 	labels: Do you mean that you ’ re self-supporting ? I didn ’ t even know you had a job ! 
text: Oh no . My family supports me . And believe me , changing foreign money into dollars is heart-breaking . You seem to get so little in return . 	labels: Yeah , I really know the feeling . I can ’ t wait to graduate so I can get a good job and earn my own money . 	episode_done:True
text:You must be annoyed about your boyfriend ’ s leaving you , huh ? 	labels: Don ’ t ever mention him . I ’ m getting over it . 
text: It ’ s a sad thing . I ’ m ever so sorry ... 	labels: Are you done ? 	episode_done:True
text:a girl i met at the market.	labels:you met a girl at the supermarket?	episode_done:True
text:well, congratulations.	labels:thank you.	episode_done:True
text: What are some of the best things to see in this city?	labels: If you want to go sightseeing, we have a tour that leaves from the hotel.
text: I'd rather explore the city on my own.	labels: In that case I can give you a map that highlights some of the best things to see.
text: That sounds perfect.	labels: The map also has coupons attached for some restaurants and shops near the landmarks.
text: I love a bargain.	labels: You can walk around the city, but I'll also give you a subway map in case you want to take the train.
text: The subway looks scary in the movies and on TV.	labels: It isn't scary at all.
text: Can I get a subway pass from you?	labels: No, you'll have to buy that at the train station.	episode_done:True
text:You must like to dance , right . 	labels: I'd love to . Do you often come here to dance ? 
text: Yes , I like the old style dance , such as waltz 、 rumba and so on . They are quite graceful . 	labels: You are waltzing quite wonderfully . It's great to dance with a experience and talent partner . 
text: Thank you for saying . I think you are light on your toes too . Oh , the music starts again , would you like to have another dance , miss ? 	labels: Ok , that would be great . Do you like modern dance ? I don't care for it . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room . 	labels: Yes.If you don't mind sharing room with someone else , there's one available . 
text: How much are you asking ? 	labels: 800 yuan a month . 
text: Could I have a look at it , please ? 	labels: Sorry , but I'm on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ? 	episode_done:True
text:it's okay.	labels:so what were you calling me about?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Yang Tang . Come in ! Pretty hot out there , isn't it ? Did you have trouble finding us ? Sit ! Sit ! 	labels: Hello , Mr . Jones , its ... 
text: Yang Tang , just call me Fred ! Everyone does . 	labels: Ei , OK , er .. Fred . Thank you for seeing me today . 
text: No problem . No problem at all . Say , it says here in your resume you studied in California . Great place , isn ’ t it ? I studied in California myself . I really enjoyed it . What did you like most about California ? 	labels: Well , I ... I guess the weather . And the people . They were all very friendly to me . 
text: Yeah , the people are quite relaxed ... Those were some great times I spent there . Well , thanks for stopping by . Are you from King Dao , Yang Tang ? 	labels: Yes , I am . I was born here , and still live with my parents in the same house . 	episode_done:True
text:Bob is really handsome . 	labels: That's why he's very popular among girls . 
text: I wish I were just as handsome . 	labels: You are ! 	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong ? 	labels: There's no power . 
text: Have you checked the fuse box ? 	labels: Yes , the fuse had blown and I've changed it but now the motor keeps cutting out . 	episode_done:True
text:why do you want to move there?	labels:because i want to make a lot of money.	episode_done:True
text:i didn't even have lunch.	labels:neither did i.	episode_done:True
text:Don't have some relation with him . You know , he is not a kind man . 	labels: Yeah . Sometimes I just cannot accept his behavior . 
text: If you attack him , be sure you ’ ll get a Roland for an Oliver . 	labels: OK , it ’ s better to be far away from him . 	episode_done:True
text:How was your trip to Brazil ? Did you learn anything ? 	labels: I had no idea how seriously that country takes soccer ! 
text: Tell me about it . 	labels: Okay . In the middle of their streets there are parks , big soccer fields as far as you can see . 
text: Really ? 	labels: That's not all . They use them ! Every night men , women , children all out there till 3 and 4 a . m . 
text: Are you serious ? 	labels: I don't know how they function the next day ! It's like they eat and breathe soccer ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Jane , can you let me know the best way to get to your house this evening ? 	labels: Certainly , where will you be coming from ? 
text: I need to be in the city centre this afternoon so I will be coming straight from there . 	labels: Ok . Take the Underground ( the Circle line ) to High Street Kensington . Make sure you take the High Street Kensington exit . 
text: Got that . 	labels: Ok - when you leave the Underground , cross the road and you should see Horntown Street . Was up that street to the crossroads . As you was you should see a fast food place on your right . 
text: Hold on , I am looking at the map now . Ok , I can see Horntown Road . Do I go straight at the intersection ? 	labels: No , you need to turn left into Philimore Was and take the next right . 
text: Ok , I can see that road . 	labels: That's fine . You will not miss it because it's just next to the Kensington centra Library . 
text: Good , I can see the library on the map . 	labels: Ok , we live in the third building on your left . Will we see you around 7 pm ? 	episode_done:True
text:Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it . 
text: Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ? 	labels: Definitely . But I think it is too fierce . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, it's a $140 ticket.	labels:that's not right!	episode_done:True
text:  Dad, can I have another cookie?	labels:  How many have you had?
text:  Four.	labels:  Four?  That's a lot of cookies.
text:  They are so good.	labels:  I know.  Your mother makes the best cookies.
text:  Can I have just one more, please?	labels:  You might get a tummy ache. 
text:  No, I won't.	labels:  Why don't you wait until after dinner?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , madam . I'd like to apply for a library card . Can you help me ? 	labels: Yes . Please give me your ID card , a photo . 
text: OK . Here you are . 	labels: Then you have to give me 15 dollars for the deposit . The library card is free . 
text: OK . Here is the money . And If I return the card , can I get the refund ? 	labels: Of course , as long as the card is well kept . 
text: OK . I see . Thank you . 	labels: You are welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:I can't register for a class I really need.	labels:Is it full?	episode_done:True
text:i wish it was a nicer day today.	labels:that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.	episode_done:True
text:Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ? 	labels: Yep . The steaks and chicken are marinated and I also bought hamburger buns . 
text: We should also cook a couple dozen hot dogs and kebabs . 	labels: Yeah , good idea.We can put some lawn furniture outside next to the grill . I also set up the tent outside so we can hide from the sun if it gets too hot . 
text: Great ! I asked Grace to bring cups and serviettes as she is also bringing two big coolers for the beers . 	labels: This is gonna be a great barbecue ! 	episode_done:True
text:That sounds fun,What is the wildest animal you ever interacted with?	labels:I touched a dodo bird a couple weeks ago.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Green Trading Company . What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'm Mr.Stephen ' s secretary . He has an appointment with Mr.Green today . 
text: Yes . It'll be at three o'clock this afternoon . 	labels: I'm afraid we have to reschedule it . 
text: Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago ? 	labels: I'm very sorry . But Mr.stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away . 
text: How about Friday afternoon ? 	labels: That'll be fine . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm feeling hungry . 	labels: Isn't it time for dinner ? 
text: Yes , let's get something to eat . 	labels: How about Mac Donald's ? 	episode_done:True
text:  I went to a networking event yesterday.  	labels:  Did you meet a lot of people?
text:  Yes.  There were recruiters from many companies.	labels:  Were they helpful?
text:  Yes.  They were generous with their time.  They gave us all really good advice.	labels:  That's great to hear.  Networking can be scary.	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , sir ? 	labels: Yes , could you tell me if there is a laundry in this hotel ? 
text: yes , It ’ s on the third floor 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text: Thanks! Bye	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:yes, it starts at 7 p.m.	labels:can we get tickets?	episode_done:True
text:Dahua's Market . How can I help you ? 	labels: Where is your store located ? 
text: We are on Nanjing Road , next to the theatre . 	labels: Right , I'll be right over . 	episode_done:True
text:Steven , you are always looking in good shape . How do you keep it ? 	labels: I pay much attention to my daily diet . You know good eating habits help to fortify the body against disease . 
text: Yeah , you are right . Tell me your normal diet . 	labels: I eat more fruits and vegetables and limit amounts of fatty and fried foods . 
text: And ? 	labels: I drink milk every day . It's really good for building strong bones and teeth . I drink tea quite often , for it's protective against kidney cancer . 
text: Oh , no wonder you are healthy . 	labels: You are what you eat , and a healthy diet creates a body resistant to disease . 
text: Thanks for sharing your experience with me . 	labels: You're welcome ! 	episode_done:True
text:You look pale , Paul . What's wrong ? 	labels: I've got a headache . 
text: I'm sorry to hear that . Anything I can do for you ? 	labels: No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes . 	episode_done:True
text:did you have to blow right next to the phone?	labels:did you hear that?	episode_done:True
text:Get up as early as six o'clock only to be jammed at every crossroad and still late for work . What a life ! I've had enough of it . 	labels: Cool down , man . Everyone is fed up with the rush-hour traffic . But life isn't really all that . You should take the initiative and make some changes first . 
text: What should I do then ? 	labels: I recommend you ride a bike instead of commuting by bus . It may offer you many benefits . First , it's good for your health . I'm afraid it's not necessary for me to further elaborate . While lots of people spend time like an hour each morning exercising , a bike ride to work not only builds you up , but also makes full use of time . You might as well sleep out for a longer hour . 
text: I know cycling is always a more favorable choice than a bus . After all , it's a sport . But do you think it a pleasant experience to take in the dirty , polled air on the road ? 	labels: Well , such things are just unavoidable in a great metropolis like Beijing . I think a still more desirable benefit is psychological . Bicycling home after work can help release your stress . Life in the offices is miserable . You just sit there in a daze , gazing at the monitor and dealing with files and documents . Why don't you give a full play to your energy after work ? Enjoy the speed on the road . Just think , you are flashing past the poles with your own energy . How great ! 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , put on your shoes , your feet are really smelly . 	labels: No foot gives out scent . 
text: But don't forget you are in a cafe . 	labels: Never mind , the odour of my feet will quicken their eating speed . 
text: I simply can't bear your barbaric behavior . 	labels: Don ’ t pretend you are a good God . 
text: You should feel shameful for your behavior . 	labels: I've never experienced such a kind of feeling . 	episode_done:True
text:I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes . 	labels: I'm ready when you are , sir . 
text: Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York . 	labels: You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine . 
text: I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ? 	labels: Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit . 
text: A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ? 	labels: I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely . 
text: Okay . Let me think about this . 	labels: Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:have you seen our waiter?	labels:here he comes now.	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked ? 	labels: Yes , we do . We like it very much . 
text: I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one . 	labels: Thank you so much . 	episode_done:True
text:Happy birthday ! Many happy returns ( of the day ) . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is John in ? 	labels: No , can I take a message ? 
text: No , I'll call back later . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:why do you say that?	labels:you speak two languages.	episode_done:True
text:You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! 	labels: Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . 
text: They were supposed to , but so far nobody ’ s turned up , and I ’ m left on my own to do the work . This is the first break I ’ Ve had all day . 	labels: They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you ? 	labels: Er ? I am driving right now . Can you call back in 30 minutes ? 
text: Sure . 	labels: Hi , Monica , Richard again . Have you ever heard about our company ? It is an international one with good reputation . We have a lot of successful cases . If you ’ re trying advance your career , I would love to help you . XYZ Company is one of our clients . They ’ re in need of the talent like you . Would you be interested in taking part in an interview ? It is scheduled some time within this week . 
text: Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I ’ m very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don ’ t think I am available for this opportunity . 	labels: Ok , I see . Good luck to you . You have my number . Call me when you change your mind . I can send you more detailed information about our company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address . 
text: Well , I will text it to you . Thank you , bye for now . 	labels: You ’ re welcome . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , let's go to the night market after work tonight . 	labels: That's a good idea . I haven't been in a while and I need to get a new backpack . The old one is hanging on by a thread ! 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ ll sing you a song . 	labels: Yes , sing a song . But don ’ t sing a sad song . 
text: Most of my songs are sad , sorry . 	labels: Well , please sing one that ’ s not sad . 	episode_done:True
text:Look ! Allen has the mic ! 	labels: I thought he only liked to listen ! 
text: That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it any more , so he decided to give it a try himself ! 	labels: ( Sound of Allen singing ) Hey , Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Johnny Dean ! 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like me to type it for you ? 	labels: Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ’ t mind ? 
text: Not at all . I ’ ll be glad to do it . 	labels: Thank you very much . 
text: Shall I right out again first ? 	labels: No , there ’ s no need . 
text: Can I print it ? 	labels: No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is . 	episode_done:True
text:i think i have the worst boss in the world.	labels:what makes him so bad?	episode_done:True
text:May I speak to Marry ? 	labels: She's in a meeting until noon . 
text: Ok , I'll try her back then . 	labels: Ok , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Who is that guy ? 	labels: It's Clive of course . Where did you come from ? Every girl knows Clive ! 
text: Really ? He is my type . 	labels: He is everybody's type . 
text: What position does he play ? 	labels: Shooting guard . The same as Michael Jordan ! 
text: Oh , I love Michael Jordan . He fills people's lives with great excitement . 	labels: Used to . But now he is too old to play in a fierce game like this . But Kobe is the upcoming superstar now . 
text: Kobe is a good player but I heard he is a womanizer . 	labels: That is not true . They are just jealous of him ! 
text: Jordan is a legend , anyway . An idol that no one can replace . I think Clive can make a good professional basketball player . He is not just about muscles he also plays smart . 	labels: You know what , he is also an outstanding football player . He is surely to be a star of tomorrow . 
text: By the way , do you know if he has a girl friend ? 	labels: You are so not here ! His girlfriend is one of the cheer leaders . 	episode_done:True
text: I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?	labels: San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Mr . Green . Please have a seat . I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I ’ m very impressed . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: May I asked why you are interested in working for us ? 	labels: Your company has an impressive reputation . My uncle worked for your company for many years . 
text: Oh , did he ? 	labels: Yes , but he retired 5 years ago . 
text: Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job ? 	labels: I ’ m a senior broker in a large company . I deal with clients on a daily basis , handling all aspects of their accounts personally . 
text: Do you think you are the right candidate for this position ? 	labels: Yes , I do think I am the right candidate for this position . 
text: Why do you think you ’ re the right candidate for this position ? 	labels: Well , I have a lot of experience in this area . I have all the qualifications you need . I enjoy working with people . In my current job , I ’ m in charge of a team of eight people . 
text: Well , you might be the person we ’ Ve been looking for . Do you have any questions ? 	labels: Yes , if I were hired , when would you like me to start ? 
text: At the end of this month . 	labels: And how many accounts would I handle ? 
text: You ’ ll be supervising six brokers who manage a combined total of 310 accounts . 	labels: What kind of benefit package do you offer ? 
text: Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment . You ’ re also eligible for medical and dental insurance . And we offer a generous retirement pension plan after 10 years of service . Do you have any other questions ? 	labels: No , not at the moment . 
text: Well , I ’ ll have to discuss your application with my colleagues , and we ’ ll get back to you early next week . 	labels: Thanks . It was very nice to meet you . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon Miss.Are there plane tickets to San Francisco on the day after tomorrow ? 	labels: Good afternoon Sir . I'll have a look at the time-table for you . I'm sorry but there aren't any direct flights available . 
text: Are there tickets for Saturday then ? 	labels: Yes there are.How do you want to go , First class or coach ? 
text: I'll need a coach open return . What's the fare ? 	labels: It is 260 dollars . 
text: What time will the flight put me there ? 	labels: The flight will get you there at six Sunday morning . 
text: OK I'll take three . What's the flight number ? 	labels: The flight number is 301 at Gate Two . 	episode_done:True
text:You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own . 
text: If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me . 	labels: I ’ ll be very glad if you would help . 
text: I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture . 	labels: Thank you . I wish I would . 	episode_done:True
text:You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ? 	labels: In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Like renewing my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while I ’ m gone . 
text: You are not going to give it up , are you ? 	labels: No way . I ’ ll never find another apartment around here . But I don ’ t like the idea of paying three months ’ rent on an empty apartment , either . 
text: I don ’ t blame you . Perhaps you could sublet it . 	labels: Yes , but whom to ? 
text: Mmm ... let me think . Oh , I know just a person . An old colleague of mine , Jim Thomas , is coming here to do some research this summer , from June to August . 	labels: That ’ s exactly when I ’ ll be away . It sounds ideal , as long as the landlord agrees . 
text: Tell you what , I ’ ll be calling Jim late this week anyway , so I ’ ll mention it to him then . 	labels: Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sir . We haven't seen you for quite a while . So , what is it today that we can do for you ? 	labels: I need a Deposit Certificate to handle some stuff in land . 
text: I see , yes , I can do that now . I'm sure you know , as I may have told you before , you should pay an extra 20 RIB handling fee for this service . 	labels: Yes , I recalled you charging that before . And I thought it was extortionate ! Haha ! 
text: I can just take it from your account , you don't need to give me cash . 	labels: OK ... so it'll come out of my account ? Well , that makes it much easier . 
text: Anything else you'll be needing today , Sir ? 	labels: Nope . That's everything , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Look ! Allen has the mic ! 	labels: I thought he only liked to listen ! 
text: That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it any more , so he decided to give it a try himself ! 	labels: ( Sound of Allen singing ) Hey , Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Johnny Dean ! 	episode_done:True
text:my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.	labels:that was a mistake.	episode_done:True
text:Karen ? I need to go over a few things with you . 	labels: Certainly . Mr . Graham . When would you like to meet ? 
text: I was thinking about this afternoon , after the sales meeting . 	labels: Fine . At 3:30 ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'm thinking of joining the tennis club.	labels:I wouldn't if I were you.The members don't even play tennis.	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m reporting from Channel 5 News . 	labels: How are you doing ? 
text: I want to ask you a couple questions . 	labels: Go for it . 
text: Have you voted yet ? 	labels: I voted this morning . 
text: Who was your vote for President ? 	labels: I can ’ t tell you that . 
text: Why can ’ t you tell me ? 	labels: That is private information . 
text: I see . 	labels: All I can tell you is our next President got my vote . 	episode_done:True
text:i went to the market yesterday.	labels:i don't see anything.	episode_done:True
text:Peter , how often do you exercise ? 	labels: Well , I swim and run every day . 
text: Now , tell me , what do you eat ? 	labels: Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . 
text: Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? 	labels: Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . 
text: Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you . 	labels: What do you drink ? 	episode_done:True
text:Mr.Wang , we haven't discussed the mode of payment . 	labels: You know Mr . Forster , this is a really large purchase . I am afraid we can't pay off at one time . We have to pay by installment . 
text: Do you mean you prefer a deferred payment ? 	labels: Yes , Mr.Forester . 
text: When do you start the payment then ? 	labels: We'll start our payment in half a year and the total amount will be paid off within 2 years by three installments . 
text: We can accept that but you have to pay the interest . 	labels: All right . 
text: Shall we sign the agreement now ? 	labels: Ok , let's sign it . 	episode_done:True
text: hi there! what's up	labels: just chilling at home	episode_done:True
text:what's wrong with looking pale?	labels:people think you might be sick.	episode_done:True
text:last month they told us about a mouse in a restaurant.	labels:the weatherman tells us the temperature in every town.	episode_done:True
text:Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing . 	labels: It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper . 
text: Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada . 	labels: Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here . 	episode_done:True
text:Eric , how long will you be in China ? 	labels: I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while . 
text: Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese ? 	labels: Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out . 
text: Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy . 	labels: You hit the nail right on the head . 
text: Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program ? 	labels: What is it ? 
text: It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English . 	labels: Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this ? 
text: How about this sunday ? 	labels: Ok , cool . 
text: Good . I'll give you a call tonight . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:i bought some new shoes.	labels:are they comfortable?	episode_done:True
text:You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English . 	labels: Uh , I don't know what to say . What do you want to know ? 
text: What's your method of learning ? 	labels: Let me think a minute . I think I always try to take every chance to practice . 
text: What if there is no chance ? I mean what if you don't have a partner , what will you do ? 	labels: Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , than the other . 	episode_done:True
text:What grade is she going to teach?	labels:She will teach kindergarten.	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with the photocopier ? 	labels: The toner has run out and there's none in the stationery cupboard . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Walter ! 	labels: Hi , Sterling ! 
text: What do you think of our new teacher ? 	labels: Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist . 
text: You're got a point there.But do you think he's a little absent-minded ? 	labels: I guess so . 	episode_done:True
text:Who's that over here ? 	labels: That's the new teacher . 
text: What do you think of the teacher ? 	labels: She's very nice . 
text: What does she teach ? 	labels: English , of course . 
text: Is she your teacher ? 	labels: Yes . She teaches our class three times a week . 
text: Can she speak Chinese to her students ? 	labels: Not very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Is this seat taken ? 	labels: No . Please sit down . 
text: Thanks . 	labels: Are you also going to Beijing ? 
text: Yes , on a business trip . How about Yuu ? 	labels: I'm taking a vacation to visit a friend there . Have you ever been there before ? 
text: Yes , I Went there once last summer . 	labels: Really ? What did you think ? 
text: I think it is amazing . You can enjoy both the traditional Chinese culture as well as the vitality of a modern cosmopolitan city . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the subway . 	labels: Was it that crowded ? 
text: Yes.These were always so many people.After taking the subway during the rush hour , you'll envy sardines in their cans . 	labels: Oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car . 
text: That's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation ! 	labels: Thank you very much ! 	episode_done:True
text:What did he say ? 	labels: He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man . 
text: It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man . 	labels: Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? 	labels: Yes.Do you like it ? 
text: It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . 	labels: Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . 
text: Is classical music your favorite ? 	labels: Yes . What about you ? 
text: I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . 	labels: Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . 
text: Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . 	labels: Did you always like pop music . 
text: I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . 	labels: I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . 
text: oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play . 	labels: Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy . 	episode_done:True
text: I can't read my book.	labels: Turn on the light.
text: The light is on.	labels: Open the book.
text: The book is open.	labels: See an eye doctor.
text: That's what I need to do.	labels: He'll give you a prescription for glasses.
text: I'll make an appointment tomorrow.	labels: I'll get the yellow pages for an eye doctor.
text: Read the phone number to me.	labels: I'll read it very loud, in case your hearing is getting bad, too.	episode_done:True
text:How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ? 	labels: Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals . 
text: I never eat breakfast though . 	labels: That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and as well you won't expect your body to work without food . 
text: I never thought about it that way . 	labels: I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat . 
text: Oh doctor , I feel so foolish . 	labels: Well control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . May I take a picture of you ? 	labels: What for ? 
text: I just want to show my children how an American policeman looks . 	labels: OK . But I hope it won't take too long . 	episode_done:True
text:it's in california.	labels:is it in northern california?	episode_done:True
text:What's today's date ? 	labels: It's January . 	episode_done:True
text:if i smelled bad, i could smell me.	labels:i can smell you.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you live now ? 	labels: I live in Haitian District where there are lot of universities . 
text: Which street do you live on ? 	labels: I live at No . 50 Xingu Street . 	episode_done:True
text:nothing.	labels:there must be something on tv!	episode_done:True
text:I wonder if you could do me a favor . 	labels: I'd be happy to help you . Name it . 
text: My printer is broken . Can you print up a copy for me ? 	labels: Sure , no problem . Do you want me to edit it for you ? 
text: Please , you write much better than I do . 	labels: Oh , its nothing . 	episode_done:True
text:Anita , I ’ Ve been here only three days and you ’ re leaving already . 	labels: Just for a few weeks . I need this vacation . You ’ ll be all right . You know the project we ’ re working on , and you ’ re a good scientist . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll be back as soon as I spend or gamble all my money . 
text: Gambling ? Where ? 	labels: Las Vegas . I find gambling relaxing . I don ’ t take it seriously , the way some people do . Besides , I love the shows and the all-night atmosphere of the town . The casinos never close , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:John dates her seven times a week . 	labels: Really ? That's a straws in the wind . 
text: I think so . Maybe he's fallen for her . 	labels: Yeah . They suit each other . A perfect match between a man and a girl . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't know why Mark often comes to me and asks me for advice . I smell some rat in it . 	labels: He is sly . He is actually angling for compliments . But he may have got the crush on you . 
text: Nonsense ! There's no indication that he's in love with me . 	labels: Keep your fingers crossed . He may pop the question one of these days . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you . 	labels: It ’ s nice to meet you , too , Ms . Green . This company seems so big right now ; I don ’ t know how I ’ ll ever get used to it . 
text: After a week , you ’ ll be running around here like a pro . Let me give you this list of departments first , next to each department is its location and the name of the manager . 	labels: Great – That ’ ll be big help . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm sleepy.	labels:so am i.	episode_done:True
text:then why is there mud on the carpet?	labels:i don't know. it's not my mud.	episode_done:True
text:Do you feel better ? 	labels: Much better . My heart sank when Mary told me that she wanted to leave me . 
text: Don ’ t be sad . Everything will be fine . 	labels: Thanks a lot . You are so kind . 	episode_done:True
text:where's your money?	labels:it's not in my wallet.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , are you Mr Williams from America ? 	labels: Yes , I am . 
text: I'm Li Ming from CITS . Glad to see you . 	labels: Glad to see you too . 	episode_done:True
text:  Hi, my name is Bill.  You must be Karen, our newest client.	labels:  Yes, I'm Karen.  Nice to meet you, Bill.
text:  Nice to meet you too.  I'm the head of Marketing.	labels:  I think we will be working closely together.  
text:  Yes, that's what I hear.  Let me know if you have any questions.	labels:  I will!  My first question is Where is the restroom?	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: I ’ m not sure where to pick up my ballot . 
text: I can assist you . 	labels: How are you going to help me ? 
text: I actually work here . 	labels: Fabulous . Thanks . 
text: Do you have ID ? 	labels: I have it right here . 
text: Here ’ s your ballot card . 	labels: Now what am I supposed to do ? 
text: Just take it to a booth and begin voting . 	labels: Sounds good . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Sit down , please . Mr . Tang , do you bring any paper or certificate with you ? 	labels: Thank you . Here is a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate of mine . 
text: Are you still working in Youth International Travel Agency ? 	labels: Yes , but I am on holidays this week . 
text: How many foreign languages can you speak ? 	labels: I am bilingual , English and Russian . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary , it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently , am I right ? 	labels: Yes , they have been concerned about me finding a job . 
text: What do they say ? 	labels: They want to recommend some jobs to me . 
text: Really ? What jobs are they ? 	labels: My father wants me to work as a trainee in his company . 
text: It's great ! 	labels: My aunt says her company is in need of an assistant now , and she wants me to give it a try . 
text: This is a good opportunity . 	labels: One of my friends tells me that his company is hiring in a large scale and he wants me to go for an interview . 
text: You can give it a try ! May be you will succeed . 	labels: I know . Let me think it over . 
text: If you have any good jobs , keep an eye for me ! 	labels: I will . 	episode_done:True
text:Well Mr . Black , I appreciate your interest in our company , but I doubt you can do this job properly . 	labels: I ’ m sure I can do it well . I ’ Ve always wanted to be the best in whatever I did . Give me a chance . 
text: I wish I could . But you even don ’ t have a B . A , so I ’ m sorry to say there ’ s no chance . 	labels: You ’ re questioning my ability ? I tell ya , I can make it ! I ’ ll talk to your boss . 
text: Mr . Black , I don ’ t think my boss will talk to you . It ’ s a Chinaman ’ s chance . 	labels: You think so ? Let ’ s take a chance ! 	episode_done:True
text:I see you have bought the latest copy of “ beauty and fashion ” . Are there any interesting articles in it ? 	labels: There ’ s an interesting interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions . I enjoyed reading her thought . The “ which ? ” section is very interesting this month . They tested facial cleaners . The article recommends “ all clear ” for effectiveness and price . 
text: I like to take the tests that they print in this magazine . 	labels: Which tests do you mean ? 
text: You know . Tests like ” how jealous are you ? ” and “ are you a fashion victim ? ” 	labels: Oh , I see . I like to do those tests , too , but I don ’ t take them seriously . 	episode_done:True
text:Help me sort out my problem , will you ? 	labels: OK , but I think you should keep an eye on your plan if you see what I mean . 
text: I know it ’ s so costly , but ... 	labels: No buts . The thing is to cut down your expense , Judie . 	episode_done:True
text:  How do you balance your work life and your personal life?	labels:  I don't bring my work home.
text:  What do you mean?	labels:  Don't do more than you can handle.  
text:  What if you have a lot of work to do?	labels:  Then I stay at the office and finish it.  When I go home, I focus on home only.	episode_done:True
text:My name is Steven Smith and I'm calling to cancel my plane ticket . 	labels: When was your reservation ? 
text: It ’ s 7 p . m . today . 	labels: Would you mind telling me the reason ? 
text: I need to continue to deal with my business . I haven ’ t finished it yet . 	labels: Oh , I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another time ? 
text: No . Thank you . 	labels: But you have to pay the fee for refund . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday . 	labels: Ok . I understand that we basically work from 8 thirty to 5 thirty with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1 , right ? 
text: That ’ s right , although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there ’ s something important to do . The lunch break is flexible . You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer . 	labels: That ’ s fine . Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day ? 
text: Of course . The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule . We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early . 	labels: How often do you have meetings ? 
text: You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning . There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects . Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each week . 	labels: I ’ Ve met some of my colleagues already . I ’ m sure we ’ ll get on well together . 
text: You are entitled to a company car . Have you seen it yet ? 	labels: I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork . 
text: Ok . This is your cubicle . At first , you ’ ll be responsible to me . Later , you ’ ll be working more independently . 	labels: That ’ s fine . I need to learn how you do things here first . Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account , aren ’ t they ? 	episode_done:True
text:nothing, how about you?	labels:next saturday, i'm going to have a party.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , I want to go to Galion by ship . Is there a ship to Dalian ? 	labels: Yes , there is . There is only one ship there every day . 
text: What time does it leave ? 	labels: It leaves at 9:30 a . m .. 
text: Could you please tell me about the cabins ? 	labels: Yes , all the cabins are fit for two . 
text: Then where can I catch it ? 	labels: At Pier Five . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me ? 	labels: When did it happen ? 
text: Just about half an hour ago . 	labels: Tell me where it happened and how . 
text: Yes , it was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper . 	labels: That happens often these days . Well , please fill in this Report of Theft . 	episode_done:True
text:that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?	labels:no, but that was a random change of subject.	episode_done:True
text:  Did you see our last electric bill?	labels:  No.  Was it high?
text:  It was very high.	labels:  I think it's the air conditioner.
text:  We need to keep it off.	labels:  But it's so hot these days.	episode_done:True
text:Will everyone be pitching in with some food?	labels:It would be great if you could bring a side dish, but the rest of the food will be provided.	episode_done:True
text:I'm getting a tattoo tomorrow . 	labels: Are you nuts ? 	episode_done:True
text:the streets and sidewalks are clean.	labels:yes, they are.	episode_done:True
text:Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ? 	labels: Pardon ? 
text: What university would you enter ? 	labels: University ? Why ? You asked me last year . 
text: Oh , I forget.Sorry . 	labels: I went to Harvard University . 
text: Did you ? And what course did you take there ? 	labels: God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ? 
text: I've not known.Perhaps , I've got a bad memory . 	labels: I did a B . A . in economics.Remember ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ? 	labels: No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do . 
text: Where do your parents live ? 	labels: My father lives in Washington DC . 
text: How about your mother ? 	labels: My mother died two years ago . 
text: Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ? 	labels: No , he's retired . 
text: Do you have any family here ? 	labels: Yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here . 
text: Do you have any brothers or sisters ? 	labels: Yes , I have two brothers who live in New York and a sister who lives in Boston . 
text: Do you see them a lot ? 	labels: Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas . 	episode_done:True
text: I’m a professional dancer.	labels: Woah! Very cool! What style of dance?	episode_done:True
text:why not?	labels:number one, it's too slow.	episode_done:True
text:Mary , how was your date with john ? 	labels: It's ok . It seems we have a lot in common . 
text: Oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ? 	labels: He is tall and slim , fair-haired . 
text: Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ? 	labels: He is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . 
text: Oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ? 	labels: He didn't say , but he said he would call me . 
text: Maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much ! 	labels: Oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ? 
text: Come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry . 	labels: Thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Can I speak to Kevin , please ? 	labels: This is Kevin . 
text: My name is Joan Harris . I ’ m calling from St . Johns Hospital . Are you still interested in a job as a service technician ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: I have good news for you.You ’ Ve got an interview . Can you come to the Human Resources Office on Thursday at 9 30 am ? 	labels: wow ! That ’ s great . Sure , I can . Where is the Human Resources Office ? 
text: 345 Stony Creek Avenue . 	labels: Thank you very much . I ’ ll be there on time . 	episode_done:True
text: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	labels: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any experience working with a computer ? 	labels: Yes . I have been a data entry operator for three years . 
text: What kind of software can you use ? 	labels: I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos . Actually , I'm quite familiar with both Java and C + + Programming Languages . 
text: Do you have any other computer qualifications ? 	labels: Yes , I have an ACRE certificate , Bank 2 . 
text: Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information ? 	labels: I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly . It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you promise me to get the bread ? 	labels: Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop . 
text: But you forgot to get the bread . 	labels: I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it . 
text: Well , I certainly did . 	labels: What would you let me do now ? 
text: You are free . You can go now . 	labels: Really ? You are so kind . 
text: I'll do with the cake . 	labels: No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal . 	episode_done:True
text:you're right. buses don't run late at night.	labels:number four, it's too crowded.	episode_done:True
text:I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! 	labels: We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . 
text: I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . 	labels: Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? 
text: Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk . 	labels: Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop . 	episode_done:True
text:it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.	labels:it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.	episode_done:True
text:i want you to clean the bathroom.	labels:oh, that's easy.	episode_done:True
text:yes, i do.	labels:when did you learn how to do that?	episode_done:True
text: lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.	labels: Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . May I speak to Mary , please ? 	labels: Speaking . Who's calling , please ? 
text: Hi , Mary . This is Tom . 	labels: Oh , hi , Tom . How've you been ? 
text: Just fine . I say . Aren't you busy tomorrow evening ? 	labels: Let me see . Uh-huh ... no , I guess I'll be free . 
text: Well , uh ... why not dine out together and go to the movies ? 	labels: Sounds like a good idea . 
text: Okay . I'll pick you up at 6:00 . 	labels: Thank you for inviting me . See you then . Bye , Tom . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , can I help you ? 	labels: I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . 
text: What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? 	labels: Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . 
text: Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? 	labels: Yes , that ’ s right . 
text: Is there anything else , sir ? 	labels: No , that ’ s all . 
text: Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered . 	labels: Just put it on the table please . 
text: Do you need anything else , sir ? 	labels: No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? 
text: What kind of juice do you like sir ? 	labels: Tomato or orange juice , please . 	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been washing clothes here ? 	labels: I started washing here about three years ago . 
text: How come ? 	labels: I can wash my clothes for less money here . 
text: This is my first time washing clothes here . 	labels: What reason are you washing here today ? 
text: I can't wash at home because my machine is broken . 	labels: Go and get it repaired . 
text: That'll cost too much . 	labels: Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while ? 
text: I have no choice . 	labels: Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money . 	episode_done:True
text:All right , let's see who's ruining my TV time . 	labels: What are you going to do ? Call my boss and chew him out ? 
text: Is your boss named Vic ? Your pager says , This is Vic . Here I come ! 	labels: Impossible . My pager is really old . It doesn't display messages . 
text: Here , see for yourself . That's really strange ! It's almost the same as when I ... 	labels: Gosh , you're right ! It's from some guy named Vic . I wonder who he is ... 	episode_done:True
text:All right then , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll get those plans over to your office by Thursday afternoon . 	labels: Great . That will give me time to talk with my staff before I make final decision . 
text: That ’ s what I was thinking . I ’ ll have them there by Thursday . 	labels: Good news . Thanks for getting things done so quickly . 	episode_done:True
text:basically, i've been working too.	labels:well whatever, i'm glad you came.	episode_done:True
text:Are there any other options?	labels:Show me proof that you're a student at this college,and you'll be good.	episode_done:True
text:Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! 	labels: Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? 
text: I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! 	labels: OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . 
text: No , you don ’ t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ’ s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ’ s gonna kill me ! 	labels: OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ’ t guarantee we can remove it completely . 
text: Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ? 	labels: Certainly . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm having fun.	labels:you're sitting there with your mouth open.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have wake-up service ? 	labels: Yes.You can use the computer to seta tima.Dial 10 and then time.For example.if you want to get up at 7:15 , you can dial 100715 . 
text: OK . I understand . 	labels: Or we can call you tomorrow coming . 
text: Well , I would prefer you to call me up tomorrow at 6:30 	labels: No problem . Good night . 	episode_done:True
text: Do you have a restroom?	labels: Only for employees.
text: But I really need to go.	labels: I can't let you go. There's a restroom in the market across from us though.
text: That restroom is really dirty. It smells like someone died in there.	labels: Fine, I'll take you to our restroom.
text: Yay! Thank you so much.	labels: We have to go secretly. If anyone sees you use the restroom, I'll be fired.
text: Don't worry. I will be small and quiet as a mouse.	labels: Okay, good. The password is 595. Go quickly before anyone sees you.
text: Thank you for your kindness.	labels: You owe me if we ever see each other again.	episode_done:True
text:The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! 	labels: Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . 
text: That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying ! 	labels: Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . I want you to find one for us . 	labels: OK . What sort of agent , exactly ? 
text: The agent we are looking for will help us in Britain with publicity , advertising and so on . 	labels: OK . I ’ ll make enquiries . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you exchange this for US dollars , please ? 	labels: Just fill out this form , will you ? 
text: OK . Here . 	labels: How would you like it ? 
text: Five tens , five fives and the rest in ones , please . 	labels: Here you are . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:This paper absorbs water so quickly ! 	labels: Yes , it's great for cleaning up spills . 	episode_done:True
text:She never takes a shower.	labels:That is disgusting!You should tell her to take a shower.	episode_done:True
text:my stomach was bothering me.	labels:are you feeling any better?	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been in Taiwan ? 	labels: About 3 years , so I came here 2000 . 
text: So , where did you grow up ? 	labels: Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it ? 
text: I am not sure , where exactly is it ? 	labels: Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here ? 	episode_done:True
text:That one looks pretty big . Are you going to keep it ? 	labels: Of course . I always keep what I catch . 
text: Not me . I like to throw back what I catch . 	labels: If it's within the legal limit , I prefer to keep it . 	episode_done:True
text:What kind of car is best for me ? 	labels: For you , I would recommend this one here . 
text: The compact ? Why do you think that one is better than the others ? 	labels: This automobile is just right for your needs because not only is it compact for ease in city driving , but also , it has many safety features . I know that as a parent , you are concerned about safety in driving your kids to and from school . 
text: That's true . What kind of safety features are we talking about ? 	labels: This model features anti-lock brakes , airbags on both driver and passenger sides , and impact collision design . But that's not all . This car isn't only safe but it's also very economical . 
text: You mean it has a cheaper price than similar models ? 	labels: Yes , this price is very affordable , but driving this car you'll also notice a significant annual saving in gas consumption . The main attraction for this model is the fuel economy . 
text: With the cost of gasoline these days , that is a big plus . I think this model may be just what I'm looking for . 	labels: Why don't you take it for a test drive , and think it over . 	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been in England ? 	labels: For almost two years . 
text: Almost two years ? Your English is very good . 	labels: Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn . 	episode_done:True
text:how could that be?	labels:well, you can't play baseball in a rainstorm.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , what can I do for you today ? 	labels: I'd like to get some details about a Personal Housing Loan , please . 
text: That's no problem . We have many different ways to go about getting a mortgage and all with terms to suit you . 	labels: You see , I've just got married and we are looking at getting on the property ladder with our first home . 
text: Well , congratulations ! It's lovely being a newly wed , but also so much pressure . Could you tell me what kind of property you are looking for ? 	labels: Yes , just a simple apartment , nothing too big . 
text: Yes , I see . There are just the two of you at the moment . Please take a look through this brochure ; it's especially for first-time-buyers . I think it'll be very helpful . 	labels: That's great , exactly what I need to know . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Victoria , you are back from vacation ! How was it ? 	labels: To tell the truth , I feel tired . 
text: How come ? 	labels: I had to visit all my relatives . 	episode_done:True
text:Where are we going now ? 	labels: We are going to Jingshan Park . Originally it was an imperial garden while it is now a public park . 
text: Where is it ? 	labels: It is at the north of Forbidden City , on the central axis of Beijing . 
text: What can we see in it ? 	labels: Jingshan consists of five individual peaks , and there lies an elaborate pavilion on the top of each peak . These pavilions were used for gathering and leisure time . These five peaks also draw the approximate historical axis of central Beijing . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: According to the dictates of Eng Shut , it is favorable to site a residence to the south of a nearby hill . When the capital was moved to Beijing , no hill existed at this location , so one was constructed . It is called " Coal Hill " . The last emper-or of Ming Dynasty , Chongzhen , committed suicide by hanging himself here in 1644 . 
text: Tragedy . 	labels: Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering . People can often find elder folks dancing , singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park . 	episode_done:True
text: Hey Joe, did you hear the rumors?	labels: No, Jason. What rumors?
text: The company is laying people off?	labels: When?
text: I'm not sure. I heard this from Susan in Accounting.	labels: Why are they laying people off?
text: The company is not making a profit.	labels: Are you worried?
text: Yeah. I'm very worried. I just bought a house.	labels: I'm really worried too. My wife and I just had a baby. Also, I haven't been at this company for very long. I would be the first one to get laid off.
text: This is terrible. What should we do?	labels: Maybe we should start looking for other jobs.
text: But what if it's all a rumor and not true.	labels: Well, if you heard it from Susan, it must be true.
text: Why?	labels: Her mom is our boss.	episode_done:True
text:Can I do anything else for you?	labels:I want to check these books out.	episode_done:True
text:Put all baggage on the conveyor belt.Walk through the detector gate one at a time , please . 	labels: Excuse me , ma'ma . Could you walk back through the doorway again , please ? 
text: What for ? 	labels: Airport security.Could you empty your pockets over here , please ? 
text: Really ? I'm in a hurry.All right . 	labels: Ah , a set of keys . 
text: I'm embarrassed ! I forgot completely about them . I'm terribly sorry . 	labels: That's all right.Enjoy your flight . 	episode_done:True
text:what kind of change?	labels:they want tax cuts.	episode_done:True
text:I am sorry to tell you that you failed in the job interview in our company . 	labels: It is tough to accept it , I mean . But can you tell me why ? 
text: It is hard to tell . Maybe it is because you're not resourceful enough to be a manager . 	labels: I get it , and thank you for your honesty . 	episode_done:True
text:Who's that over here ? 	labels: That's the new teacher . 
text: What do you think of the teacher ? 	labels: She's very nice . 
text: What does she teach ? 	labels: English , of course . 
text: Is she your teacher ? 	labels: Yes.She teaches our class three times a week . 
text: Can she speak Chinese to her students ? 	labels: Not very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Two number 3s , please . 	labels: All right . What would you like to drink ? 
text: Diet Coke . 	labels: Regular or large ? 
text: Regular , please . 	labels: OK . Anything else ? 
text: No , thanks . 	labels: For here or to go ? 	episode_done:True
text:How do I make a good impression in the interview ? 	labels: You should try to put your best foot forward , and be careful of your personal appearance . At least you should get yourself dressed up . Appearance isnt everything , but it's the first thing an interviewer notices about you . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: Don ’ t boast and don ’ t be modest . 
text: What do you mean by this ? You can ’ t do the two things at the same time . 	labels: Appear confident and show the interviewers that you ’ re competent . Don ’ t exaggerate things or you'll give the impression that you ’ re talking big . 
text: I see . 	labels: Try to be natural , alert and interested . 
text: You ’ Ve given me very valuable advice and I have more confidence in myself now . Thank you very much . 	labels: My pleasure . Good luck to you . 	episode_done:True
text:Most people in Montreal speak French . 	labels: Are there any people who speak English ? 	episode_done:True
text:I would like high speed internet installed in my house . 	labels: You have to make an appointment before we can come out and install it . 
text: I'd like to make an appointment right now . 	labels: What day are you available ? 
text: I would like to have it done this Friday . 	labels: Three o'clock is the only time we can come in . 
text: Is it possible for someone to come a little earlier ? 	labels: I'm sorry , but that's our only available time . 
text: How about Saturday ? 	labels: We're completely open on Saturday . 
text: Can you come over at 11 	labels: That'll be fine . 	episode_done:True
text:You look tired . 	labels: Yeah , I've been working so much overtime lately . 
text: Really ? How come ? 	labels: My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished by this morning . It was so difficult . 
text: You shouldn't work so hard . 	labels: I know , but hard work pays off . You know . 
text: What do you mean ? 	labels: Maybe now I'll get that promotion I was hoping for . 	episode_done:True
text:Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ? 	labels: Sure . I thought people only showed off pictures of their new babies , not new pets ! 
text: Well , this is my new baby . He ’ s just as much trouble . That ’ s for sure ! But , he ’ s a lot of fun ! 	labels: I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he ? 	episode_done:True
text:well whatever, i'm glad you came.	labels:so am i.	episode_done:True
text:What qualities do you think a business manager should possess ? 	labels: Creativity , the ability to organize , the entrepreneur's spirit , comprehensive knowledge of human studies , ability of gathering information , expert competence of communication and deep professional skills . 
text: If a client complains about the service of your department , what will you do ? 	labels: If I'm in the service center . I'll listen to the client patiently , and accept the criticism objectively . Then I will have the claim reasonably settled . 	episode_done:True
text:That ’ s really a let-down . 	labels: Yeah . He really does let me down . 
text: But that should not be the reason for you to lose heart . 	labels: I ’ m at the end of tether . I run out of ideas . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , sir ? 	labels: I want to have a bath . 
text: Do you want to have a tub bath , surfing bath or shower ? 	labels: Shower , please . 
text: All right . The fitting room is over there . 	labels: How much should I pay ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey ! Taxi . 	labels: Where are you heading , sir ? 
text: Capital Airport . 	labels: What's your flight time ? 
text: At 7:50 . 	labels: I guess we should get there no later than 7:00 . 
text: How long is the ride from here then ? 	labels: Well , since it's rush hour , I'd say the ride would take about thirty minutes , more or less.Is that okay ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can you play tennis ? 	labels: Yes , I can . 
text: It is interesting , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , it's very interesting . 
text: Can you teach me ? 	labels: Sure . Take the tennis racket . Now , throw the ball up , and hit it with the racket . Like this . 
text: Let me try . Oh , I missed ! 	labels: Throw the ball up high . 
text: High ? 	labels: Yes , very high . Over your head . Then you will have time to hit the ball . 
text: Oh ! I hit it . 	labels: Well done ! 	episode_done:True
text:It seems to me that you are on very good terms with him . 	labels: We actually met at a dance party . He fell for me . 
text: He must be all over you the first time he saw you . 	labels: He said that I put all other girls in the shade . 
text: That means he was head over heels in love with you . 	labels: Well , he indeed likes me . 
text: But I think he can't hold a candle to you . I don't think he has ever popped the question . 	labels: No , he is the sort of man who likes to hide his candle under a bushel . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, they are.	labels:the streets and sidewalks are clean.	episode_done:True
text:From the looks of this house from the outside , I don ’ t really think that I want to go inside . 	labels: From here , it does look like it could use a little work . Let ’ s see what the interior looks like . 
text: I am not impressed by the interior of this house . 	labels: Sometimes all a place needs is a little bit of cleaning and some fresh paint . 
text: With so few windows , how can you even see what the problems are ? 	labels: I think that we should check out the kitchen . It is listed as roomy and spacious . 
text: Where are you supposed to store things without any cabinet space ? 	labels: The picture in the listing shows a lovely master suite . I think that we should go look at it since we are here . 
text: Is there a dead animal somewhere in here ? 	labels: Well , I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , I ’ d like to buy a guitar.Could you recommend one ? 	labels: Sure.Do you want an acoustic one or an electric one ? 
text: An acoustic one . 	labels: Are you looking to get a steel-string or a classical ? 
text: What ’ s the difference ? 	labels: Well , a classical guitar has nylon strings and its neck is bigger than a steel-string guitar ’ s.It ’ s best suited for finger picking . A steel-string is best for playing chords . 
text: I ’ m mainly interested in learning to play rhythm guitar . 	labels: In that case , I ’ d suggest a steel-string guitar.The best one we have is the Ovation . 
text: This one ’ s a little too expensive for me . I ’ d prefer something cheaper for now.When I ’ Ve learned to play , I might get a better one . 	labels: In that case , how about this one ? It ’ s inexpensive but it ’ s still well made and easy to play . 
text: Hmm.All right , I ’ ll take it , and this book on how to play the guitar as well . 	labels: You should also get a couple of guitar picks . 
text: Oh , right.Thanks for your help . 	labels: Don ’ t mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? 	labels: It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . 
text: Is there a bathroom ? 	labels: No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . 
text: It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? 	labels: Certainly , you're welcome anytime . 
text: See you later ! 	labels: ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . 
text: Welcome ! Come in , please ! 	labels: Yes . 
text: This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . 	labels: Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! 
text: Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . 	labels: Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ? 
text: Anytime you like . 	labels: OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad . 	labels: I just lost my job . My boss just told me . 
text: That's unbelievable . Why did this happen ? 	labels: I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money . 	episode_done:True
text:what do you listen to?	labels:mostly talk radio.	episode_done:True
text:You're so witty ... 	labels: So why is the face tilted to the right ? 
text: This watch is supposed to be worn on your left hand . 	labels: So it's not as convenient for left-handed people ? 
text: It's better for right-handed people like me . See , I don't even have to move my arm to see the time . 	labels: I'm left-handed . You bought that watch so that I won't borrow it ... 	episode_done:True
text:what did you like?	labels:the island is so green, and the water is so blue.	episode_done:True
text:What would you reckon the taxing increases ? 	labels: Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose . 
text: But what do most people think about it ? 	labels: Ah , it ’ s hard to say . 	episode_done:True
text:Why do you want to go to the U . S . ? 	labels: I want to enrich my knowledge in management . The United States is an ideal place for me . 
text: What will you do when you come home ? 	labels: Before I work in the office , I was a teacher . So if possible , I'd like to come back to some school to pass on my new knowledge to more people . 
text: Do you feel your English is good enough for the course ? 	labels: Yes . You know , English is my present working language . Besides , I scored very high in TOEFL . 
text: Who will be your supporter during your stay in the States ? 	labels: I will support myself . In recent years , I have saved enough money for my study in the U . S . 
text: How long do you expect to stay there ? 	labels: I will be there for three years . 	episode_done:True
text:then the waiter will give you a big smile as he brings you the new steak.	labels:where do you get these crazy ideas?	episode_done:True
text: haha no one will interrupt you!	labels: Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?	episode_done:True
text:did you go to school today?	labels:of course. did you?	episode_done:True
text:It's an ugly day today . 	labels: I know . I think it may rain . 
text: It's the middle of summer , it shouldn't rain today . 	labels: That would be weird . 
text: Yeah , especially since it's ninety degrees outside . 	labels: I know , it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside . 
text: Yes , it would be . 	labels: I really wish it wasn't so hot every day . 
text: Me too . I can't wait until winter . 	labels: I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold . 
text: I'd rather be cold than hot . 	labels: Me too . 	episode_done:True
text:Well,the policy should be changed.	labels:It won't.So in the meantime,you should register for a math class.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Is Becky there , please ? 	labels: Just a moment , please . I ’ ll see if she ’ s free . 
text: Thanks . 	labels: Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now . 	episode_done:True
text:poodles bark a lot.	labels:they sure do.	episode_done:True
text:I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me ? 	labels: Well , i want to go to the university flea market , they got times of books , DVDs , and a lot of nice clothing , too . 
text: How about we go to the yard sale first and then to the university flea market ? 	labels: Good idea , let's shop to we drop ! 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to order , sir ? 	labels: Yeah . I have a fancy for some wine tonight . Can you recommend something for me ? 
text: Our red wine is very famous . I'd suggest you try that . 	labels: All right . What kind of red wine do you serve ? 
text: Here are a variety of red wines for you to choose . You can have a taste then make your decision then . Here is the wine menu . 	labels: The dry red wine looks quite good . I'd like to try this one . 
text: Then do you like any cheese to go with it ? 	labels: Why ? Do I have to order that ? 
text: Oh , no . But cheese is the best thing to go with red wine . And we have really fresh cheese which will be free if you order red wine . Here are the pictures . Pick out something you like . 	labels: That's really nice . I'd like this one . It looks very attractive . 
text: What would you like for appetizer and dinner ? 	labels: Croissant for appetizer and two beef steaks for dinner . 
text: How do you want your steaks , rare , medium or well-done ? 	labels: Medium , please ? 
text: Anything for dessert ? 	labels: Sure . We'd like to have Black Forest Cake for dessert . 	episode_done:True
text:I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport . 	labels: Oh , thanks a lot . 
text: What time are you leaving ? 	labels: 1:30 P . m . But I've got to check in at 12:30 P . m . 
text: What airline and what flight ? 	labels: Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 . 
text: I'll see you at the airport at 12:30 P . m . 	labels: Ok . See you tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:I can't find the price tag . 	labels: It's right here . $ 100 . 
text: But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item . 	labels: Ours are of really good quality . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm glad we live in a small town . 	labels: Why ? 
text: Because the houses look so nice at Christmas time . 	labels: Yes , they do . Do you have a Christmas tree this year ? 
text: Yes , we have a big tree this year . I bought the decorations at the five-and-tencent store yesterday . Do you want to come and see it ? 	labels: I can't now because I have to buy a present for my mother . 
text: When can you come ? 	labels: I don't know when I can come . I'll let you know later . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Is this Ann ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Kelly ? 
text: Yes , it's me . 	labels: Do you have a cold ? 
text: No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever . 	labels: Oh , no ! What about your presentation today ? 
text: I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it . 	labels: I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley ? 
text: Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon . 	labels: Alright . Have you been to see a doctor ? 
text: Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that . 	labels: Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too ? 
text: I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day.So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think . 	labels: It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep . 
text: Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it . 	labels: That bad , huh ? 
text: Yeah , I'm very nauseous.It ' s mostly nausea and a fever . 	labels: Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley . 
text: Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon . 	labels: Hope you feel better . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , mom . 	labels: Good morning , sweetie . You finally got up . 
text: I'm still sleepy . 	labels: Did you stay up late last night ? 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: Can I have a look at your handworks ? 
text: All right . This way , please . 	labels: You have quite a range , haven't you ? 
text: Yes , sir . 	labels: They are all produced in China , aren't they ? 
text: Yes , they are all distinctive Chinese . 	labels: Could you please select me one ? 
text: How do you like this one ? It's very beautiful . 	labels: Oh , I like it very much . How much does it cost ? 
text: 350 yuan . 	labels: OK . I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to speak to Robert . 	labels: Speaking . 
text: Hello , Robert . This is Frank . I'm coming to Guangzhou on the the 7th and I'd like to call in to discuss the project plan . 	labels: All right . What time are you coming ? 
text: Well , my flight leaves at 8 a . m . , and I'll arrive at 10 a . m . Shall we say 11 o'clock ? 	labels: Can we make it 11:30 ? A customer will come to the office at 11 . 
text: Oh , yes . That's fine with me . Maybe we can have lunch together . 	labels: Great . I'll see you on the 7th . 	episode_done:True
text:she weighs 98 pounds.	labels:okay, she's not fat. so what's the problem with her?	episode_done:True
text:We'd better leave now . 	labels: I beg your pardon ? 	episode_done:True
text:What's the matter?	labels:I have always got a headache. I never feel fresh.	episode_done:True
text:Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . 	labels: But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football ! 
text: You ’ Ve got a fever and playing football isn ’ t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ’ s that on your arm ? 	labels: I don ’ t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . 
text: It ’ s rash . I ’ d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? 	labels: I bashed it against the chair in my room . 
text: Does it hurt ? 	labels: A little , but not much . 
text: Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ’ ll take you to the doctor ’ s after breakfast . 	labels: If I ’ m better this afternoon , can I go to school ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can we talk about the working overtime issue ? What ’ s on your mind ? 	labels: Yes , sure . To be honest , nobody would like to work overtime . However , we have to if it is necessary for our company . I would do that if it is the call of duty . 
text: Glad to hear that . Generally , it is 2 to 3 hours more than your working hours . 	labels: OK , I completely understand . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you promise me to get the bread ? 	labels: Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop . 
text: But you forgot to get the bread . 	labels: I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it . 
text: Well , I certainly did . 	labels: What would you let me do now ? 
text: You are free . You can go now . 	labels: Really ? You are so kind . 
text: I'll do with the cake . 	labels: No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me for a minute ? 	labels: Sure , what I can do for you ? 
text: I'm try to write a letter to one of our clients , But I just don't know exactly what to say , I don't even know how to get started , I know I should write dear Mr . Mrs . or Ms . , but the problem is I don't know the name of contact person . 	labels: You can just put Dear Sir or Madam , officialese not personal , you can write to whom may concerned . 
text: OK , So I first thanks them for their business , I can say something like we are very grateful for your continue support , How is that ? 	labels: Good ! But also , write off the bed you want to tell them the reason of your writing , give them more reference . 
text: Like Regarding our new product line , we would like to announce a special price discount 	labels: Right , do you need them to respond ? 
text: Yes , the letter would have a survey inside , and they should complete it and return to our office . How should I write that ? 	labels: You can tell them " Please finding the enclosed customer service survey , else also , you can say Attach a customer survey . If you need resource it right away , you can tell them the urgent by saying Please return the survey without dely as soon as possible . Maye it more polite with this as early as convenience . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ? 	labels: Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters . 
text: What a splendid idea ! 	labels: Outlets usually give you great deals . 
text: Thanks for helping me . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year . 	labels: I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska . 
text: You can't be serious ! 	labels: Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you . 
text: After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together . 	labels: Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case . 
text: You know , now that I think about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all ! 	labels: Whatever you say ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Eve , how are you ? 	labels: I ’ m fine , Celia . And you ? 
text: I ’ m ok . I ’ m so busy ! 	labels: Do you have a lot of homework ? 
text: Yes . Don ’ t you ? 	labels: Of course I do ! 
text: Which class are you working on right now ? 	labels: I ’ m studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow . 
text: Are you in Mrs . Green ’ s class ? 	labels: Yes . Are you ? 
text: Yes . We must have the same exam tomorrow ! 	labels: Do you want to study together ? 
text: Sure . This library is too quiet though . 	labels: Do you want to go to an empty classroom ? 
text: That sounds good . 	labels: OK . Let ’ s go ! 	episode_done:True
text:what was your problem?	labels:my stomach was bothering me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ? 	labels: Yes , go straight along Beijing Road and turn right . 
text: Straight on , and turn right . Is it far ? 	labels: No , it's just a couple of minutes . 
text: Thanks very much . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:Good day . Welcome to IBA , what can I assist you with today ? 	labels: Hello , yes , I'm a stock investor and I'm looking at opening a new account with you . Perhaps your new compound savings one ? I already have a Current Account with you . 
text: That's no trouble , Sir . 	labels: I'm mostly interested in the personalized services you offer , with stock market news , etc . It sounds just perfect for me , as I'm too busy to be constantly at the computer checking the performance . 
text: Yes , that's just one of the services we offer in our Personal Financing Program . 	labels: What I need to know is how I can keep track of what's going on . I mean , some days I buy and sell quite a lot . Some days , there's no activity at all . 
text: For every transaction you make , a statement will be drawn up and can be posted to you or sent via e-mail , or if you want to be double sure we can do both . 	labels: That's just what I need , sometimes I'm pretty forgetful . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time 	labels: Hello , my old friend . Long time no see . How are you doing ? 
text: Well , I ’ m doing okay . And how about yourself ? 	labels: Not so well . To be honest with you , I broke up with Tom . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s go to Wangfujing by bus . 	labels: Better take the subway . It ’ s faster , and more convenient . 
text: En , where do we pay the fares ? 	labels: Just go to the ticket office in the subway . 
text: Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ? 	labels: No , you don ’ t have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of smoking ? 	labels: It ’ s harmful not only for yourself but for others . 
text: What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ? 	labels: Stop producing cigarettes . 
text: But that ’ ll affect the national economy . 	labels: That ’ s right . But I don ’ t think there are better ways . 
text: How about painting a warning on each cigarette packet ? 	labels: Maybe it can take effect . 	episode_done:True
text:Honey , which hand should I use to hold the fork ? 	labels: Left for the fork and right for the knife . Just remember that the stronger one is for knife . 
text: Got it . It's so troublesome to have western food . I've been learning the table manners for hours but still can't really it . 	labels: Sure . Rather than eating , having western food is more about western culture . 
text: Yeah . Which restaurant are we going to tonight ? 	labels: Cindy has reserved a table for us at a newly opened western restaurant downtown . She said the environment there was really pleasant . 
text: Fine . I believe in Cindy's taste . Oh , what should I wear ? 	labels: You should put on the black suit I bought for you last week . But I'm afraid it may be a bit crumpled . You'd better iron it now . 
text: I don't want to mess it up . Please do it for me . I'm going to the bank to cash some money . How much do we need ? 	labels: There is no need to do that . I think the restaurant accepts credit cards . But it's necessary to make a budget . 
text: Honey , you are a good accountant . So I'd better leave that to you , too . 	labels: It seems that it's all about me . Then what do you do ? 
text: I'll take care of the order . 	labels: OK then . Well , 50 Yuan for appetizer , 200 Yuan for dinner and 200 Yuan for wine . Anything else ? 
text: Don't forget about the dessert . 	labels: OK , then 50 Yuan for dessert . 500 Yuan all together . 	episode_done:True
text:that won't make you rich. nobody will talk to you.	labels:i will keep knocking on doors.	episode_done:True
text:well, i guess that's why he did it.	labels:what's the point?	episode_done:True
text:Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight . 	labels: Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark . 	episode_done:True
text: You sure are buying a lot of snacks.	labels: That's because I'm going on a long car trip.
text: Where are you driving to?	labels: I'm driving to Comic-Con in San Diego this weekend.
text: You're driving all the way there to read comic books?	labels: No. I will be meeting comic artists and voice actors.
text: That sounds really impressive!	labels: If I'm lucky, I'll even meet Stan Lee!
text: Is he as famous as Bruce Lee?	labels: Stan Lee is a famous comic book writer and creator.
text: I think I'd be more impressed to meet Bruce Lee.	labels: Bruce Lee wouldn't stand a chance against Stan's heroes!	episode_done:True
text:okay, just one more piece. pass the butter, please.	labels:if i owned a restaurant, i would never serve hot bread before the main course.	episode_done:True
text: I have to leave class early tomorrow.	labels: I don't like that. Just don't come to class.
text: Don't be like that, Professor! I have to attend my mom's funeral.	labels: I'm sorry for your loss.
text: It's okay. I'm going to miss her.	labels: I lost my mom when I was in college, too.
text: Saddest thing ever, right?	labels: Yes. You know what? Take a week off school.
text: I can't do that. I have too many responsibilities.	labels: Take my advice.
text: I'll think about it.	labels: If you ever need to talk, my door is open.	episode_done:True
text:Why are you holding me in this jail cell ? 	labels: We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ? 	labels: Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here . 
text: No , sir . The sign says no turn on red . 	labels: Oh , I guess I didn't see it . 
text: I'm sorry , sir , but may I see your driver's licence and insurance policy , please ? I have to give you a ticket . 	labels: Here they are . 
text: Sign here , please . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Please drive safely , sir . 	labels: Thank you , Ma'am . 	episode_done:True
text:The total cost is 850 dollars . How would you like to pay ? 	labels: By credit card . 
text: We take Visa and Master Card . 	labels: Do you take American Express ? 
text: No , we don't . 	labels: Ok , I'll use my Visa . Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you go to school today ? 	labels: Of course . Did you ? 
text: I didn't want to , so I didn't . 	labels: That's sad , but have you gone to the movies recently ? 
text: That's a switch . 	labels: I'm serious , have you ? 
text: No , I haven't . Why ? 	labels: I really want to go to the movies this weekend . 
text: So go then . 	labels: I really don't want to go by myself . 
text: Well anyway , do you plan on going to school tomorrow ? 	labels: No , I think I'm going to go to the movies . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you eaten ? 	labels: Not yet . 	episode_done:True
text:Calvin , how much money did you spend last weekend ? 	labels: Lily , I ’ m not sure . Let me check , I think I spent $ 50 . 
text: Why don ’ t you help me save money ? You are always spending money . 	labels: I know that I should learn how to save more , but I hope that we can spend a little on ourselves sometimes . 
text: I ’ m sorry . I guess I ’ m too extreme when it comes putting money in the bank . 	labels: That ’ s okay . I ’ m sorry , too . It ’ s a good idea to prepare for the future possibilities . 	episode_done:True
text:really?	labels:yes. you really deserved this.	episode_done:True
text:You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . 	labels: I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . 
text: Do you feel ok ? 	labels: Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . 
text: Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . 	labels: Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? 
text: You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . 	labels: Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . 
text: Zach , what's that on your arm ? 	labels: I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . 
text: It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? 	labels: Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . 
text: I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . 	labels: Shouldn't we make an appointment first ? 
text: We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse . 	labels: Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting ! 	episode_done:True
text:Well , I guess that ’ s about it . Everything ’ s packed and ready to go . 	labels: It ’ s hard to believer you ’ re really retiring . What are you going to do with yourself ? 
text: Have fun ! I plan to spend some more time with my grandkids , and I might even go back to school . 	labels: Well , good luck . Give me a ring sometime , and let me know how you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out ? 	labels: You need to get a special application form . 
text: Do you know where I can find the application form ? 	labels: You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up . 
text: What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits ? 	labels: They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them . 
text: Is there anything else I will need to provide ? 	labels: Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof . 
text: Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application ? 	labels: You will receive a notice for a phone interview , which will continue the process . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me.Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any . 	labels: I'm not sure if we've got any now.Books of that kind are on this shelf.Well , I'm afraid we've sold out . 
text: What a pity ! I should have come earlier . 	labels: Come some time next week if you like . I think we'll have got some by them . 	episode_done:True
text:that sounds like fun.	labels:do you think you can come?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , do you sell apples ? 	labels: Yes . They are over there . 
text: Do you sell them individually or by weight ? 	labels: By weight . 6.0 cents per pound . 
text: Could you weigh these , please ? 	labels: $ 4.55 , please . Anything else ? 
text: A sack of cherries , please . 	labels: Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ? 	labels: Go along this street to the traffic lights . 
text: To the traffic lights ? 	labels: That's right , and turn left at the lights . 
text: Left at the lights ? 	labels: And then right at the bridge . 
text: Right at the bridge ? 	labels: Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm calling to confirm your booking . 	labels: Good . 
text: You are booked on the A943 on 16/11 at 17:30 pm to Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific . 	labels: That's excellent , thanks for all your help . 	episode_done:True
text:what did you do?	labels:i bought some stock.	episode_done:True
text:OK , Dead Man . If this doesn't start your engine , nothing will . 	labels: Thank you . Hey , do you know how espresso got its name ? 
text: No , I don't . 	labels: It's because of the way the steam and boiling water are pressed through the coffee . Es-PRESS-o , get it ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is this the ABC company ? 	labels: Yes , may I help you ? 
text: We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it . 	labels: What is your reservation number ? 
text: Our reservation number is J - 221 . 	labels: Let me see . Oh , yes , we have your reservation number . 
text: You mean you haven ’ t arranged any car ? 	labels: I ’ m sorry to say no . 	episode_done:True
text:  Have you heard from Bill, the recruiter you met at the networking event?	labels:  No.  
text:  When did you send him your resume?	labels:  Three weeks ago.
text:  Why don't you ask Bill if he received it?	labels:  I did.  I sent him a follow-up email one week later.
text:  Did he respond to that?	labels:  No.  
text:  Well, that's rude.	labels:  I know.  Bill made many promises he didn't keep.	episode_done:True
text:Peter is a bag lady now . 	labels: That black sheep . It serves him right . 
text: He was so rich in the past . Maybe he ’ s regretting his past mistakes now . 	labels: It ’ s too late . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope i don't come back as a fish.	labels:i hope i come back as a cat.	episode_done:True
text:OK , Mr . Wu . You may come in . I'm Anne Smith and on my right , my colleague , Anna Duncan , and on my left , Angela Lamb . Do please sit down . 	labels: Thank you . Good afternoon Mrs . Smith , Miss Duncan , Miss Lamb . 
text: Your English is fluent . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How do you think of the weather today ? 	labels: I don't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe ? 	labels: Well ... I'm pretty busy . but ... all right . come in . What can I do for you ? 
text: Do you mind if I sit down ? 	labels: Not at all . Take a seat . Now , what can I do for you ? 
text: I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put in for a transfer ? 	labels: Yes , but why should you want to do that ? 
text: Do you mind if I speak frankly ? 	labels: Not at all . Go ahead . 
text: Well , you see . I don't like the office . I don't like the staff.and I'm afraid you and I don't get on . So may I put in for a transfer ? 	labels: Yes . I'd delighted if you did . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the way to restaurant?	labels:Wait let me view in Google maps	episode_done:True
text:I'm afraid I've a complaint to make , which is about the goods we ordered last week . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: I will explain the problem briefly . We found in the examination that 35 % of the goods have damaged . 	labels: Really ? That's something unexpected . You see , all our exports are strictly inspected before shipment . The goods were in perfect condition when they left the port . 
text: Here's the survey report issued by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau . According to the report , the damage was caused by poor packing . Our surveyors also discovered some cracks on the surface of a number of other cases . 	labels: Our goods are well-examined before shipment . I'm afraid the losses must have occurred on route . 
text: Please look into the matter and solve the problem immediately . 	labels: We will check with the parties concerned right away . 	episode_done:True
text:they're behind the outfield.	labels:maybe we can catch a home run ball.	episode_done:True
text:Have you got a minute ? 	labels: Sure . What's up ? 	episode_done:True
text:What about you , Ernie ? How did you get into pop music ? 	labels: Well I always hear it on the radio , so I started to get into it . 
text: Yeah , if something is on the radio it must be really good . 	labels: I totally agree ! 	episode_done:True
text:By the way , could you tell me what day it is today ? 	labels: Well , it's Thursday today . 
text: And the date , please . 	labels: The 5th . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any questions you want to ask ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to know if there would be any future opportunities for specific training . 
text: If necessary there will be . Any other questions ? 	labels: When will I know your decision ? 
text: We'll give you our decision in a few days . How can we get in touch with you ? 	labels: I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening . My office phone number and home phone number are in my resume . 
text: Thank you for your interest in our company . 	labels: Thank you , sir . I expect to hear from you as soon as possible . 
text: Would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out ? 	labels: All right . Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave . 	labels: But you just got here . Can ’ t you stay a little longer and have some tea ? 
text: That ’ s very kind of you . But if I don ’ t go now I ’ ll miss the last bus . 	labels: That ’ s too bad . 
text: Thank you for your hospitality . 	labels: Thanks for coming . 
text: How about next time we meet at my place ? And I ’ ll treat you to Chinese food . I know how much you like it . We can order in and watch video too . Anything you like , I promise . 	labels: Great idea . I ’ m looking forward to it . See you then . 
text: Well . I really do have to go . 	labels: Good night then . 	episode_done:True
text:number three, it doesn't run 24 hours.	labels:you're right. buses don't run late at night.	episode_done:True
text:Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ? 	labels: Sure . I thought people only showed off pictures of their new babies , not new pets ! 
text: Well , this is my new baby . He ’ s just as much trouble . That ’ s for sure ! But , he ’ s a lot of fun ! 	labels: I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he ? 	episode_done:True
text: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your <REDACTED_TERM> year old this time?	labels: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	episode_done:True
text:yes, we need a relaxed president who thinks clearly.	labels:do any other world leaders have a basketball court?	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to do tonight ? 	labels: I'm not sure . 
text: What about going to a movie ? 	labels: OK , let's go to the cinema to see what's on . 	episode_done:True
text:I will take part in the finals soon . 	labels: Come on . I stand behind you . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh ! 	labels: What fools we were ! 
text: To think of it ! All my old silver ! It meant so much to me . 	labels: And my new car . To think that he simply drove off with everything in my car . That's what hurts me most . 
text: What's so terrible too , is the fools we've made of ourselves . 	labels: I hardly dare call the police . They'll just laugh at us . 
text: I'll never get over it . Oh , Harry , it was all so unnecessary . That man ! ! How could he do this to us after we'd put him up ? 	labels: And his story didn't even hold together . I feel such an idiot . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Mary , what's up ? 	labels: Not much . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight . 
text: Oh , that's exciting . What's this guy like ? Is he hot ? 	labels: Well , I ddin't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! We have so much in common . We like the same teams , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends . 
text: It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ? 	labels: There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have a radar helping me spot new friends . 
text: Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would have to say honesty . 	labels: I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need . 	episode_done:True
text: Can I help you, sir?	labels: I need to buy a birthday present for my wife.
text: Ok. What does she like?	labels: I'm not sure.
text: What would you like to buy her? A purse, makeup, shoes, clothes, perfume?	labels: All of those things sound nice.
text: Do you know her clothing size?	labels: No, I don't.
text: What about her shoe size?	labels: I don't know that either.
text: I see. Should we look at purses then? What is her taste? Does she like leather?	labels: I think so.
text: What is her favorite color?	labels: Red.
text: Great! We have some lovely purses in red. Would you like to take a look at them?	labels: Sure.
text: How about this one?	labels: That's perfect. I'll take it.
text: When is your wife's birthday?	labels: It was last week.	episode_done:True
text:Bob is really disturbed these days . 	labels: We'd better have a heart-to-heart talk with him . 
text: But we cannot talk like elders . 	labels: Of course not . Let's talk to him in a very friendly way . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too tight . 	labels: I'm not sure . I can't agree , dan . 
text: Why not ? 	labels: Surely , there are other ways to save money . 	episode_done:True
text:you should bring some wipes with you.	labels:that's a good idea.	episode_done:True
text:good afternoon, officer.	labels:your driver's license and registration, please.	episode_done:True
text:She is so beautiful , isn't she ? 	labels: Who ? 
text: Julia Roberts . 	labels: Yeah , she is so charming . I like her , too . 
text: It's said that her new movie is going to come out . 	labels: What's the movie about ? 
text: I'm not sure . 	labels: Isn't it silly to see a movie that you know nothing about ? 
text: I already told you , because Julia Roberts is in it . I like her because she is not only a great actor but also is very generous to give a lot to many kinds of charities . 	labels: Yeah , she is great . I also admire her for her concern about society . 	episode_done:True
text:that trip must have cost a lot of money. 	labels:he said all the money came from private donations.	episode_done:True
text:sorry about that. i was cleaning up.	labels:it's okay.	episode_done:True
text:Which university did you graduate from ? 	labels: I graduated from Peking University . 
text: What was your major at university ? 	labels: I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . 
text: What course did you like best ? 	labels: I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . 
text: What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ? 	labels: I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork . 	episode_done:True
text:We'd like some local-flavored pastry . Can you recommend some ? 	labels: How about some Zongzi ? 
text: What is that ? 	labels: Well , it's a pyramid-shaped dumpling made from glutinous rice wrapped in reed leaves . 
text: That sounds appealing . OK , we will have that . 	labels: Do you want some stuffed bun ? It's delicious , too . 
text: OK . We will try some . 	labels: Anything else ? 
text: No , it's enough . 	labels: OK . Wait for a moment , please . I'll be back in a moment with the dishes . 	episode_done:True
text:that was nice of you.	labels:she asked me how she could return the favor, so i asked her out.	episode_done:True
text:You ready ? 	labels: Am I ready for what ? 
text: Are you ready to transfer to a new school tomorrow ? 	labels: Oh . Yes , I ’ m ready to transfer . 
text: You ’ re not nervous , are you ? 	labels: I ’ m very nervous . 
text: Why are you nervous ? 	labels: I ’ m not going to know anybody there . 
text: That ’ s not a problem . 	labels: That makes me nervous . 
text: It ’ s fun meeting new people . 	labels: I didn ’ t think about it that way . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope i win the lotto.	labels:your chances are very small.	episode_done:True
text: ah cool. so you like action movies?	labels: Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends 🙂 It was touching at the end of the movie	episode_done:True
text:Are you being served , Sir ? 	labels: No , not yet . I just want to hair cut . 
text: Would you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ? 	labels: I want it short . 
text: What , your short already , sir . 	labels: I mean very short . shorter than it ’ s now . 
text: Should I just trim it ? 	labels: No . you can cut quite a bit off , I like it to be very short all over . You see what I mean . 
text: Oh , I see . You like Chinese style , don ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes . And Chinese style . 
text: Would you like to have some shampoo , sir ? 	labels: No , thank you . 
text: How about oil or spray ? 	labels: No , Nothing will be kind . 
text: There , how ’ s that ? 	labels: That ’ s very good . 	episode_done:True
text:Give me a book please , Jane . 	labels: Which book ? This one ? 
text: No , not that one . The red one . 	labels: This one ? 
text: Yes , please . 	labels: Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you please bring us a menu ? 	labels: Sure . What would you want to have today , Chinese food or western food ? 
text: Western food . 	labels: Here is the menu . Take your time . 	episode_done:True
text:you're right. this one does have an extra button.	labels:now all you have to do is sew it on.	episode_done:True
text:how can he still be alive?	labels:his doctor says his heart and lungs are strong and healthy.	episode_done:True
text:what a great song.	labels:how about "let it be?"	episode_done:True
text:yes. it's on every afternoon.	labels:what's so good about it?	episode_done:True
text:  Our client has invited us to play at his private golf course.	labels:  That should be fun.
text:  Can you join us this Saturday?	labels:  No.  I'm busy this weekend.
text:  I heard that our client does not like to lose.	labels:  Then maybe I should join you.  I'm terrible at golf.	episode_done:True
text:How do you use an ATM card , Billy ? 	labels: It ’ s easy , grandpa . Insert you card into the machine here . Then wait a moment . OK . Now you enter your PIN . It should have four numbers . 
text: Oh yes . I ’ Ve got it written down here . Just a minute . 	labels: You really shouldn ’ t write it down . You should memorise it . You can change it to a more convenient number if you like . 
text: OK , I ’ Ve entered my PIN . There are several options on the screen . I guess I just choose which service I want , don't I ? 	labels: Yes . Choose the service you need to use . If you choose to withdraw money , the machine will ask you how much you want . 
text: I can just enter the amount using the key , right ? 	labels: That ’ s right . Give the machine a moment to process you request . Then take your money . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , miss . 	labels: Good morning , sir . 
text: Could you tell me please where can I find a currents exchange ? 	labels: Right here , how can i help you today , sir ? 
text: I'd like to exchange 5000 Singapore dollars into the US dollars please . 	labels: Do you have an account this bank , sir ? 
text: Yes , here is my account number . 	labels: May i please see ID ? 
text: Sure , here is my passport , by the way what is the rate today ? 	labels: Today's rate is 2.57 Singapore dollars for 1 US dollar , here is your money , sir.Please count it and sign your name here . 
text: Yes , it is the credit demand.Where can I cash travellers ' cheques ? 	labels: You can cash them here , how much do you want to cash ? 
text: 900 dollars . 	labels: How would you like it ? 
text: I need 8 hundreds and the rest in 10s please ? 	labels: Ok , here you are . 
text: Thank you , have a nice day . 	labels: Thank you , have a good day . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today ? 	labels: I knew there would be a shower , but I didn't realize it would rain cats and dogs today . 
text: Well . You'd better take a hot shower right now , or you will catch a cold . 	labels: I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week . 	episode_done:True
text: Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!	labels: Will do! Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Oh , look at those earrings , Maria . They're perfect for you . 	labels: These red ones ? I'm not sure . 
text: No , the yellow ones . 	labels: Oh , these ? Hmm ... Yellow isn't a good color for me . 
text: Well , that necklace isn't bad . 	labels: Which one ? 
text: That blue one right there . How much is it ? 	labels: It's $ 42 ! ! That's expensive ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you with anything else?	labels:That's it for today. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:That is crazy!I could never do that.	labels:You should.It is great for the environment.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon Sir , may I please see your passport and reservation ? 	labels: Here you go . 
text: I'm sorry sir , this flight has been cancelled due to some mechanical problems . 	labels: Cancelled ! So what am I supposed to do now ? 
text: We apologize for any inconveniences that may be caused by this . If your flight is urgent , I can put you on a waiting list for another flight this evening , but it's on a first come first served basis , so there is no guarantee that you will be able to take that flight . 	labels: What's my other option ? 
text: Well , If you can wait until tomorrow , we will put you up in a hotel for today and you can take scheduled flight for tomorrow morning . 	labels: That's fine . I'll do that then . 	episode_done:True
text:what did you buy?	labels:well, i got a lot of good deals, as usual.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ? 	labels: No , thanks . I'm just looking . 
text: We have a special on these skirts this week . Would you like to try one on ? 	labels: No , thank you . I don't need any skirts . 
text: How about a blouse ? This one here is the latest fashion . 	labels: No , thank you . 
text: Why not try on this lovely pair of shorts ? I'm sure they'd look fabulous on you . 	labels: No doubt . Look , I'm just browsing . If I need your help , I'll let you know . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you watching?	labels:I'm watching Friends.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you do me a favor ? 	labels: Of house , what's the matter ? 
text: We are busy in preparing for the train.Would you please buy us some fruit ? 	labels: What kind of fruit do you want ? 
text: Apples and pears , one kilo for each af them , please . 	labels: Sure , please give me $ 10 in advance . l Wil have them bought for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ? 	labels: Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching . 
text: That ’ s ok . I should have told you earlier . This is a company rule . 	labels: Do we also need to punch out after work ? 
text: According to the company rule , we should punch in before 8 o ’ clock and punch out after 5 o ’ clock every work day . 	labels: How about the lunch break , Lucy ? 
text: From 11 thirty to 1 o ’ clock . 	labels: May I ask whether we need to work overtime ? 	episode_done:True
text:Now , David , can I get you a drink ? What will you have ? 	labels: Coffee , please . 
text: What about you , Mary ? 	labels: Coke is fine.Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard I try and I have been here for 2 years already ! 	labels: Well , have you thought of getting an MBA ? I heard it does wonders in getting you to the top . 
text: An MBA , hey . . . well my degree wasn't in business , the business schools won't be interested in me . 	labels: Nonsense ! The business schools measure your ability through a test called GMAT . 
text: GMAT ? What does that stand for and what will the test contain ? 	labels: Graduate Management Admission Test , it contains three parts 
text: Okay , this sounds a little tough , how am I supposed to practice for this ? 	labels: Up to you , you could have a one on one session with a tutor or group sessions , you can also use free or private computer software . Going to church might help as well ! 
text: No matter what I do , I'm going to ace this test and go on to become a corporate fat cat ! 	labels: Umm . . . That's the spirit ! 	episode_done:True
text:Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people . 	labels: Yeah it's too bad ... but actually I think I know what to do . 
text: What's that ? 	labels: We can go to a horror movie , and I'll hold your hand so you don't get scared . 
text: You mean ... like on a second date ? 	labels: Of course ! Or are you still too scared ! 	episode_done:True
text:How many rooms are you looking for ? 	labels: Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ? 
text: 150 a month . 	labels: 150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 	episode_done:True
text:What does she do ? 	labels: She works as a teller in a bank . 
text: Does she go to night school ? 	labels: Yes . She goes three times a week . 
text: Why ? What does she want to be ? 	labels: She wants to be a manager . 
text: What classes does she take ? 	labels: She takes classes in accounting and business . 	episode_done:True
text:John , I ’ Ve asked you not to smoke in here ! I don ’ t want to see you smoking in my office again . 	labels: I ’ m sorry , Ms . Fairbanks . I won ’ t let it happen again . 
text: That ’ s what you said the last time ! If you want to smoke , you ’ ll have to use your break time and go outside ! 	labels: I understand , Ms . Fairbanks . 	episode_done:True
text:i was hoping you would come.	labels:i'll definitely try to make it the next time.	episode_done:True
text:no.	labels:he had dirty fingernails.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city . 	labels: OK , please . 
text: My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ? 	labels: I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants . 
text: Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ? 	labels: How old are your children ? 
text: I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl . 	labels: I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip . 	episode_done:True
text:What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . 	labels: Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . 
text: Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? 	labels: He asked me how long it took me to learn English . 
text: But , you were born and raised in California ! 	labels: Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . 
text: What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? 	labels: You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . 
text: So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? 	labels: I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . 
text: Are you sure he really got the message ? 	labels: Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . 
text: That's hilarious ! What did he say ? 	labels: He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good . 	episode_done:True
text:That is not a challenge,that is a punishment.	labels:I've had this policy since I started teaching.	episode_done:True
text:New York Airport.May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I am calling to make sure if flight CG877 will arrive on time ? 
text: Hold on a moment please ... Sorry , the flight from London has been delayed . It departed two hours later than scheduled.The whether in London was really bad . 	labels: You mean it will arrive two hours later than usual ? 
text: So far we could only deduce this way.If you want further information , would you please call us 1 hour later ? 	labels: OK , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:  I'm sick and tired of fixing the dishwasher.	labels:  Maybe it's time to buy a new one.
text:  Can we afford to buy a new one?	labels:  It costs more money to fix every month.
text:  You're right.	labels:  Let's go shopping for a new dishwasher today.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever run into a person who tries to bleed you white ? 	labels: I am always on the look out for such girls . 
text: I hear that some guys splash all their money about on them . 	labels: Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat . 	episode_done:True
text: no, i'm going to get a massage first	labels: nice. what type?	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m so excited about Chinese New Year ! When do I get to visit Grandma ? Grandma makes the best dumplings in the world ! 	labels: Ha ha , right . Sounds to me like you ’ re more excited about the dumplings than seeing your Grandma . 
text: Of course I miss Grandma , too . I bet she ’ s gonna teach me how to play Mahjong ! Hey , Dad , are you going to buy me firecrackers this year ? We ’ re going to have the best fireworks ! I ’ m really looking forward to lighting them ! 	labels: Son , firecrackers aren ’ t toys.they ’ re dangerous ! 
text: No , fireworks are awesome ! 	labels: Whoa , don ’ t you remember ? Last year when I set off the firecrackers , you covered both your ears and hid behind your mother ? 
text: I was scared because ... because I saw a bug . That ’ s all . 	labels: Ahahah ... really ? 
text: Oh , and I can ’ t wait to watch the dragon dance ! Dad , can I sit on your shoulders this time ? 	labels: Hey , I offered last year ... 	episode_done:True
text:Are you an art aficionado ? 	labels: Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ? 
text: I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art . 	labels: I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school . 
text: Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture . 	labels: I like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you . 
text: I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there . 	labels: That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ? 	labels: I want some coffee . 
text: Certainly , madam . What kind of coffee do you want to have ? 	labels: What have you got ? 
text: Well . We have espresso , latte , skinny latte , fancy coffee and Americano . 	labels: I think I'll have a latte , please . 	episode_done:True
text:I am exhausted . I need some sleep . 	labels: Didn ’ t you sleep well last night ? 
text: I twisted and turned all night , and couldn ’ t sleep . I was worried about my mother ’ s health . 	labels: Don ’ t worry . It ’ s only a cold . 	episode_done:True
text:What sort of job would you like to take ? 	labels: I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator . 
text: We need an operator now . 	labels: It's just the job I've been searching for . 	episode_done:True
text:her face is really fat, but they say the swelling will go down.	labels:and then will she look normal again?	episode_done:True
text:Here's your drink , sir . 	labels: No , that's not right . I didn't order a coffee . I ordered a cola . 
text: Oh , I'm terribly sorry , sir . I'll go and get you cola right away . 	labels: Waiter ! 
text: Yes , sir . I'll bring your drink right away . 	labels: It's not that . There's an animal in my soup . 
text: Is there , sir ? I'm very sorry . I'll change it straight away . 	labels: I've never been to such a dirty restaurant , and never seen such slow service . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , sir . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ m looking for a winter jacket . 
text: What size are you looking for ? 	labels: A medium is fine for me . 
text: How about this one ? 	labels: I don ’ t like the color . 
text: What color do you like ? 	labels: Blue . 
text: How about that one ? 	labels: Yes . It ’ s nice . Can I try it on ? 
text: Sure . There is a changing room behind you . 	labels: Thank you . I ’ ll be right back . 	episode_done:True
text: What happened to your car?	labels: I got a dent in the parking lot.
text: How did you get it?	labels: I don't know. Maybe it was from a shopping cart.
text: Those shopping carts are dangerous.	labels: Especially the metal ones.
text: I don't park at a store that uses metal shopping carts.	labels: That's a good idea, but there was a good sale at this store.
text: Did you save any money on the sale?	labels: Yes, I did. I saved about $50.
text: That's great.	labels: Yes, except this dent will cost about $150.	episode_done:True
text:Those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars . They do everything together . 	labels: Birds of a feather flock together . 	episode_done:True
text:what is your major?	labels:english.	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with you , young man ? 	labels: Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . 
text: Do you have a fever ? 	labels: I don't know , but I feel terrible . 
text: Let me examine you.Don ' t worry.It ' s nothing serious . 	labels: Do you think I should lie in bed ? 
text: Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water.Your fever will be gone in a day or two . 	labels: OK.Do you think I can play football tomorrow ? 
text: Of course not.You need a good rest . 	labels: OK , I'll listen to you . 	episode_done:True
text:That would stink.	labels:I know,that is why I need that class.	episode_done:True
text:Peter , listen to the lyrics of this song . 	labels: What's so special about this song ? 
text: It's from the musical that is so popular in New York right now . Do you like it ? 	labels: Not very much . It sounds too emotional to me . 
text: That's why it is so popular . It was recorded by Barbara Tutin . I've heard that when she sang this song on stage the opening night , she created quite a sensation . 	labels: I'm afraid my association with Broadway musicals is rather limited . 
text: Well , then , you need an introduction . The school drama club is putting on a musical production . How about going together ? 	labels: I have a better idea . Let's go to a jazz concert and I'll give you an education in jazz . 	episode_done:True
text:Good , morning ! Can I help you ? 	labels: Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ? 
text: Yes . There are trains at 7 fifty-nine , 9 eighteen , 10 thirty-two and 11 fifty-five . 	labels: What time does the 7 fifty-nine get to London ? 
text: At 9 thirty-six . And the 9 eighteen gets to London at 9 fifty-five , the 10 thirty-two at 11 nine . 	labels: What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m . 
text: There's one at 19 and the next is at 19 forty . 	labels: Mmm , how much is it ? 
text: Single or return ? 	labels: Return , please . 
text: If you get on before 4 p . m . or after 6 p . m . there is saver return which is $ 9.45 , an ordinary return is $ 16.45 . 	labels: An ordinary return , please . 	episode_done:True
text:of course they talk about us.	labels:what do they say about us?	episode_done:True
text:Billy , you are late again . 	labels: I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? 
text: Yes he ' s in his office . 	labels: Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . 
text: Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . 	labels: You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? 
text: I think he might . You'd better go to his office . 	labels: You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , do the buses stop here ? 	labels: Yes , they all stop at this corner . 
text: I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street . Can I take any bus that comes along ? 	labels: You can take any bus except the Number 9 . 
text: How often do the buses run ? 	labels: They run about every five minutes . 
text: Fine.How long does it take to get to 82nd Street ? 	labels: About fifteen minutes . It's not far.Are you a stranger in New York ? 
text: Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan . 	labels: How do you like New York city ? 
text: I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me . 	labels: You'll soon get accustomed to it . It's not difficult . Well , here's the bus.Fortunately , it's not full . 
text: Thank you for the information . 	labels: Don't mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:you can yell at them.	labels:and they will yell back at you.	episode_done:True
text:Yes , madam , can I help you ? 	labels: I'm feeling a bit airsick . 
text: We have the medicine for that . I'll go and get it for you . 	labels: Thank you . oh , can you get me some orange juice as well ? 	episode_done:True
text:Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy . 	labels: How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed . 
text: But you should avoid finger-pointing when you haven ’ t got the real facts . 	labels: Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first . 	episode_done:True
text:they were in the student parking lot.	labels:how many tires were cut?	episode_done:True
text:So , John , what do you do for a living ? 	labels: I ’ m a sales manager in a publishing company . 
text: Oh , really ? That sounds interesting , what kinds of book do you publish ? 	labels: Oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that . 
text: Oh , What a cool job ! How long have you worked there ? 	labels: About two years now . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar ? 	labels: One dollar . 
text: So , I can have five for five dollars ? 	labels: Actually , you can only have four . 
text: Oh , yeah . I forgot tax . Give me four then , please . 	labels: Okay . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text: Can you give me a ride to the airport tomorrow?	labels: Depends on what time you need to be at the airport.
text: Well, my flight leaves at 10	labels: Did you check in online already?
text: Yes, I checked in and I don't have any bags to check.	labels: So we should leave by 9labels:30.
text: It's an international flight.	labels: Oh, so you need to be there two hours before your flight.
text: Can you get me to the airport by 8	labels: That's when I take the kids to school, so no.
text: So how am I going to get to the airport then?	labels: Guess you'll have to pay for a cab.	episode_done:True
text: Sounds good, thanks!	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ? 	labels: He has no sense . 
text: If I were him , I wouldn't brazen it out by asking my parents for money . 	labels: But Joe won't you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , look out ! 	labels: What happened ? 
text: You've just scratched my car . Oh , God , a paint was scratched off . 	labels: Where ? my car ? 
text: No , mine ! 	labels: Thank goodness ! 
text: I've just had it repainted . 	labels: That's terrible . 
text: I am sorry to say this , sir , but you should've been more careful . 	labels: I apologize for that . But the space is too small . 
text: What about the damage to my car ? What are you gonna do about that ? 	labels: Can we solve this later ? I am calling the insurance company . 	episode_done:True
text:What exactly is the problem with the latest lot ? 	labels: We are faced with the problem that part of the consignment is unacceptable . We assume that damage occurred during the consignment was in your care . 
text: But we can't accept your damage claim . 	labels: Why not ? 	episode_done:True
text:I am looking for a pan . 	labels: No problem . What size would you like ? 
text: A big one would be nice . 	labels: How about this one ? It's our biggest — 16 ' in diameter . 
text: Oh , yes , I like that one , but it's too heavy . 	labels: Okay , try this one . It's made of aluminum . 
text: Oh , yes ! This is much better . But it has an aluminum handle . 	labels: Here you go . Same pan , but with a state-of-the-art , heat-resistant plastic handle . 
text: Yes . That's perfect . I'll take it . 	labels: Great . Will that be cash or charge ? 
text: Oh , wait a minute . What about a lid for the pan ? 	labels: I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan . 	episode_done:True
text:Bad news , I'm afraid . Our supplier has gone bust . The parts you ordered have arrived at the docks but the handling agent won't release them until someone pays the invoice . We also need to arrange transport to the factory . 	labels: Don't worry about the cost . Our insurance policy covers us against situations like this . We need those parts urgently . Could you please try to get them here tomorrow ? 	episode_done:True
text:Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 % ? 	labels: We can borrow from a bank , the gross interest rate will be something like 7 % . With corporate tax at say 30 % . We are only paying on 50 % of this . There is still inflation to consider . 
text: You can knock off another 2 % for that . 	labels: We can borrow as much as we can . 
text: Not quite , if we get too heavily in debt , the shares will tend to drop . 	labels: How much loan capital can we safely raise then ? 	episode_done:True
text:Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ? 	labels: Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it . 
text: I think I can handle it by myself . 	labels: I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company . 
text: I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ’ t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility . 	labels: Other company rules also need your attention . 
text: Like this one ? Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.Yeah , thank you for telling me . 	labels: Don ’ t mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Is this the bus I should take to get to the Central Park ? 	labels: Yes . But you have to transfer to Bus No . 28 . 
text: Where should I change for the Park ? 	labels: At Tinge Depot . 
text: But I don't know which stop is Tinge Depot . 	labels: I will remind you to get off . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: My pleasure . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you please weight this letter for me ? 	labels: Well , it's a bit overweight . You must pay extra for it . 
text: How much ? 	labels: We demand a surcharge of 80 cents for it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Bill.May I borrow your pen ? 	labels: Sure , which one ? The red one or the blue one ? 
text: The blue one , please . 	labels: You may keep it for the time being . I'm not using it now . 	episode_done:True
text: I'm thinking of joining a sports club on campus.	labels: You should! It takes away the stress of studying.
text: What sport do you play?	labels: I actually play on our university's baseball team.
text: That's cool! You must be really good.	labels: Yeah, I have a baseball scholarship.
text: No wonder you're in such great shape!	labels: You'll be in great shape too after joining a sports club.
text: I'm thinking of joining the tennis club.	labels: I wouldn't if I were you. The members don't even play tennis.
text: What do they do then?	labels: They just talk about tennis. They never even touched a racket, though.	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me with my timesheet ? 	labels: Sure ! I can help you . Do you know where the timesheets are kept ? 
text: No , I don't know where to find one . 	labels: Well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . OK ? 
text: Yes , I can do that . 	labels: Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . Do you know how to use military time ? 
text: No , I don't know what that is . 	labels: OK , so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it . Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes . OK ? 
text: Yes , I understand how to do this . 	labels: After you total your hours , make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor . 
text: That was easy ! 	labels: Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on . 	episode_done:True
text:how can it be fun?	labels:they pay money to play this silly game!	episode_done:True
text:I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ? 	labels: He appeals to the fans thanks to two things 
text: you mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks . 	labels: Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts . However , a few free k 
text: In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls . 	labels: yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout . 	episode_done:True
text:only about $30,000.	labels:without the food stains, it would probably be worth more.	episode_done:True
text: hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with 🙂	labels: I am the superman! What about you?	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! Ed , what's up ? 	labels: Nothing . 
text: Doesn't look like it to me . 	labels: Just get out of my face ! 
text: Woo , easy . 	labels: Leave me alone ! 
text: What are you so ticked off about ? 	labels: I don't want to talk about it . 
text: Maybe I can help . 	labels: I blew the finally exam . 
text: You've got to be joking . 	labels: No , I'm not . 	episode_done:True
text:I am here to get my prescription filled . 	labels: Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes . 
text: Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail ? 	labels: Yes , in fact , you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home . 
text: How should I take this medication ? 	labels: You should take it twice a day . 
text: Should I avoid alcohol with this medication ? 	labels: You need something in your stomach when you take it . Don ’ t drink alcohol with this medication . 
text: Should I expect any side effects ? 	labels: Sometimes you might feel dizzy , but that isn ’ t common . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like you to bring me some food . 	labels: Just name it , sir . 
text: Please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . 	labels: Regrettably , we're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ? 
text: Sure , I love porterhouse , too . 	labels: Would you be interested in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ? 
text: I'd love to , but I'm allergic to strawberries . 	labels: Okay , no strawberries tonight . The items will be charged to your amenities account . 
text: Go right ahead . 	labels: Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off . 	labels: I apologize . This should not have to be this way . 
text: Apology is accepted . Try to do better next time . 	labels: Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you here for today ? 	labels: I need to fight this ticket that I got . 
text: Is the arresting officer here ? 	labels: Yes , he is , Your Honor . 
text: Plead your case . 	labels: I was told by the officer that I ran a red light . That information isn't true . 
text: Why would the officer lie ? 	labels: I'm not sure , but the signal had a camera on it . 
text: Did the camera take a picture of your license plate ? 	labels: No , my picture wasn't taken . 
text: There was no picture taken , so I'll let you go . 	labels: Thank you very much , Your Honor . 	episode_done:True
text:i wasn't picking my nose.	labels:what were you doing?	episode_done:True
text: Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube	labels: yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?	episode_done:True
text:Anne , would you please come in for a while ? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting . 	labels: Of course , sir ... Here's the minutes of the meeting . 
text: How long did the meeting last ? 	labels: The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and it lasted for two and a half hours . 
text: Did the chairman ask for me ? 	labels: Yes , I told him that you were very ill and couldn't attend . 
text: All right . Have you handed in my report to him ? 	labels: Yes , I did . Besides , here are all the reports and materials handed out in the meeting . I think you'll have to do some replies . 
text: Thank you , Anne . You've done an excellent job . Did they mention the date for the next meeting ? 	labels: No , they didn't . The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting . 	episode_done:True
text:a ham sandwich.	labels:the bread is in the cabinet.	episode_done:True
text: Lol. What are your choices? I'm trying out keto! It's pretty tiring.	labels: Oh I hear a lot about keto. I’m trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?	episode_done:True
text:do you want to go fishing?	labels:yes. that's a good idea.	episode_done:True
text:What kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country ? 	labels: As in many countries , there ’ s been a big growth in anything related to computers . Young people are attracted to that field in particular . There ’ s also been a big growth in education . 
text: There ’ s been a growth in that field in my country too . A lot of people want to learn practical and professional skills . 	labels: The interesting thing is that many of the teachers are not actually trained teachers . They are usually professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others . 
text: I noticed that too . What are the people learning ? 	labels: In my country , they are usually studying something business-related , such as marketing , management techniques , and human resource management . 
text: I think that jobs in the leisure industry will become more popular in the future . 	labels: That trend has already begun in my country . In particular , there ’ s a big demand for people to work in fitness centers . Which kinds of jobs are less in demand ? 
text: Those in traditional fields , such as agriculture and heavy industry . Younger people are not interested in doing those jobs and other countries have industries that can produce things much cheaper . 	labels: Yes . My country is certainly expanding in the service and hi-tech sectors , but contracting in the heavy industry and primary industry sectors . However , our car and aircraft manufacturers are doing very well . 	episode_done:True
text:but he didn't have a chance. nobody voted for him!	labels:sooner or later, voters will wake up.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like singing ? 	labels: Yes , I do . 
text: Let's go to a ETV tonight . 	labels: But I can't sing it well . 
text: It doesn't matter . No one will laugh at you . 	labels: OK , I'Il go with you . When shall we go ? 
text: What about six ? 	labels: It's too early . Let's make it seven , OK ? 	episode_done:True
text:Are we supposed to get off right here ? 	labels: I think so ; hurry up and get off . 
text: Where are we ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: You said this was the right stop . 	labels: I think I was wrong . 
text: Did we get off the bus too early ? 	labels: I don't know ; it kind of looks like we did . 
text: Why did you tell me to get off ? 	labels: I'm sorry . I thought this was our stop . 
text: I really don't feel like walking . 	labels: We could always wait for the next bus to come . 	episode_done:True
text:she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.	labels:wow, how exciting.	episode_done:True
text:Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at . 	labels: Let's go in to wait for them . 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude . 	labels: I am Mr . Foster , and we have a 7:00 dinner reservation tonight for four people . 
text: Welcome , Mr . Foster , if you would have a seat in the lounge area , our hostess will be ready to seat you in just a moment . 	labels: We are going to have a drink while we are waiting . Please let the hostess know that she can find us there . 
text: She will come and let you know when your table is prepared . 	labels: Those patio tables are new , aren't they ? Would it be possible to be seated out there ? 
text: An outside table is available right now if you would like to be seated immediately . 	labels: We would love to sit outside . Thanks for your help ! 
text: Here is your table , and now may I take your drink order while you are considering what to have for dinner ? 	labels: Yes , could you please bring us a pitcher of margaritas and four glasses while we are figuring out our dinner order ? 
text: I'll put your drink order in and be right back to get your dinner order . 	labels: We'll be ready to order by the time you get back ! 	episode_done:True
text:you must be joking.	labels:no, i'm serious.	episode_done:True
text:how did you get it?	labels:i don't know. maybe it was from a shopping cart.	episode_done:True
text:but the smell is different.	labels:yes, old people don't smell like fruit.	episode_done:True
text:What's for lunch ? 	labels: Pork chops . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ? 	labels: An outlet carries cheap cashmere sweaters . 
text: That's a good idea ! 	labels: I've always had good luck at outlets . 
text: Thank you for the suggestion . 	labels: I hope you find a nice sweater . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you love me ? 	labels: I ’ m very fond of you . 
text: Yes , but do you love me ? 	labels: Why ? You mean a lot to me . 
text: Why didn ’ t you answer my question ? 	labels: What question ? 
text: Do you love me ? come on , I ’ m eager to hear . 	labels: You know that I care for you . I .. I ’ m proud of you . 
text: Don ’ t cherish your words , dear . 	labels: I .. I don ’ t feel like saying it . 	episode_done:True
text:Mom , Happy mother's Day ! Here's my card . 	labels: What a surprise ! Thanks.It ' s beautiful . 
text: Thank you for your love and care over the years , I appreciate it , mom . 	labels: This is the best card I ever received . 
text: Mom , what can I do for you today ? 	labels: Nothing , son . I'm already very happy . 
text: How about dinner tonight ? My treat . 	labels: Actually . I prefer we eat at home.We ' ll have more time to catch up that way . 
text: I'm sorry I haven't dropped in that much these past few years.Business kept me too busy , I apologize . 	labels: Oh , don't mention it . I'm proud of you ! 	episode_done:True
text:i was thinking about seeing a movie.	labels:okay, let's go see a movie.	episode_done:True
text:How much is this ? 	labels: You mean the large one or the small one ? 
text: The large one . 	labels: They're on special this week . They've been reduced to five dollars . 
text: Is this the only kind you have ? 	labels: No . We have some that are different in style but not in color . They're over there . Do you see the sign ? 
text: Oh , yes . I think I'll look at those over there before I decide . 	labels: Very well . Just take your time . 	episode_done:True
text:What should be put in my education background ? 	labels: You are expected to write the educational experience about your high school and college , even the time span . 
text: What do you mean by ' job intentions ' ? 	labels: Job intentions refer to the kind of job you are eager to get , for example , accounting , marketing . 	episode_done:True
text:Madam , I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . I think there are something needs to modify . 	labels: Which terms ? 
text: First , about the terms of payment . Your draft contract says that payment is to be made by D \ A . This is not our practice . We prefer to have the payment made by L \ C through a negotiating bank in America . 	labels: Good . I will add this to the contract . 
text: The second thing I would like to point out , that is packaging . It's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes . But I think the wooden cases are much safer . 	labels: Well , you are right . Is there anything else ? 
text: As far as the contract stipulations are concerned , there is nothing more . Thank you very much . 	labels: Well , we have agreed on all the major points . 	episode_done:True
text:Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano ? 	labels: No , mom . Piano is for girls . 
text: Well , there are many boys that can play the piano very well , like Jay Chou . 	labels: No way , mom . I don't like piano . 
text: OK . But you have to promise me that you will study hard in your English class . 	labels: All right , all right . I understand . 	episode_done:True
text:I have something really cool to tell you about ! Do you know anything about online auctions ? 	labels: Not really . 
text: They're awesome ! I was browsing through the eBay auction today , and I found the cutest fat little copper Buddha ! It's over a hundred years old . 	labels: Please don't tell me you bought it . 
text: Why not ? 	labels: If you did , you probably got ripped off . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism ? 	labels: Yes , I have the Tour Guide Certificate . 
text: Why do you choose our travel agency ? 	labels: Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more , all the staff here are working very hard . I like doing some challenging job . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you taken your temperature ? 	labels: Yes , and it is 37 ° C . 
text: Well , open your mouth and let me have a look . It is nothing serious . You haven't got a fever . But you should take the medicine and need have more rest recently . When you feel well , you could take more exercises , or play sports like basketball , running , and swimming . And eating healthy food , having more fruits and vegetable and drinking milk are good for your heath . 	labels: Yes , I see . Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ? 	labels: I ’ m very sorry I can ’ t . 
text: Why not ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid I have some business to attend to . 
text: Then would you like to have lunch with us ? 	labels: I ’ d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now . 
text: Would you like me to give you a lift ? 	labels: No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there . 
text: Come on . It ’ s no trouble at all . 	labels: Ok , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your little caper ? Come home so late ! We are all worried about you . 	labels: Oh , I am terribly sorry . But I was so captivated with the singer at the subway exit . So I forgot the time . 
text: Singing ? At the subway exit ? Oh , it sounds like someone needs some money . 	labels: Oh , no , the guy was a musician who just sang . He played the guitar and sang so many cool pop songs . Many people were drawn to his music and there was no hat on the floor . He sang for appreciation , but not for money . 
text: It is just pop song , you could have sung there too if you want it . 	labels: Oh , no , it was a kind of pop art . I like it but I couldn't do it that well . 
text: Honey , just do it next time . Have you heard of the real art in the subway station in Russia ? 	labels: No , but tell me some . I am interested . 
text: Many oil painting exhibitions are there . That is a kind of Museum Exhibition . 	labels: Are there many people there ? Do you think people actually like them ? 
text: I am sure you will . There are some works , and some students who major in painting interpret the meaning for visitors . And people can enjoy the paintings while waiting for the train . 	labels: But I still prefer the pop music in the subway . 
text: Both the pop music and the oil painting ate arts , but with different aesthetic values . 	labels: Dad , you talk well , but can you appreciate that kind of art ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can I have a look at that digital camera please ? 	labels: Yes of course . This is a really good one actually . 
text: How much does it cost ? 	labels: This one is 1500 yuan . 
text: It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it . 	labels: Would you like anything else ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , my name is Martin . You've applied for the Laboratory Assistant's position , right ? 	labels: Yes . When I saw the advertisement I thought it would really suit me . 
text: Can you tell me why you replied to our advertisement ? 	labels: I think that I'll be really good at this kind of work . In fact I learn so fast that I'll be looking for promotion very shortly . 
text: Do you know exactly what you would be doing as a Laboratory Assistant ? 	labels: A laboratory assistant helps to maintain scientific equipment , keep a check on the supplies in the store , and prepare the chemicals for experiments . 
text: What sort of student do you regard yourself as ? Did you enjoy studying while you were at school ? 	labels: I suppose I'm a reasonable student . I passed all my tests and enjoyed studying subjects that interested me . 
text: What were your favorite subjects at school ? 	labels: Maths and chemistry were my favorite subjects at school . I also enjoyed history . 
text: Do you have any plans for further study ? 	labels: Well , I've thought about doing the part-time Chemistry Certificate course at Technical College . I think I would really benefit from doing that . 
text: Have you ever had a job before ? 	labels: Yes . I have worked part-time at a take away food store-the one just round the corner . 
text: We have a lot of other applicants for this position . Why do you think that you deserve to get the job ? 	labels: Well , I've found out a lot about this type of work and my research suggests that I would be quite capable of doing the work involved . I also think that I would be able to handle any training course reasonably well . 
text: I think I have asked you everything I wanted to . Thank you for coming along to the interview . 	labels: Thank you . When will I know if I am successful ? 
text: We'll be in touch with you by telephone or by mail within a week . Well . Goodbye . 	labels: Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:this party rocks ! 	labels: you said it . Good beer , good music , and on top of that , there are so many hot girls here ! 
text: I'm with you on that . Check out that one over there . I think I'm in love ! 	labels: well , she's alright , but not really my cup of tea . What about the blond with the red dress ? 
text: oh , that's Janice . She's just new in town . You have a thing for blonds , eh ? 	labels: yeah ! She could do anything she wants to me ! 
text: I bet . Why not go over and talk to her ? She's really nice . 	labels: I don't think so . I get so nervous talking to girls . I always put my foot in my mouth , scare her off , and end up looking like a real fool . Besides , she is way out of my league . 
text: come on ! Man up ! You'll never know until you try . 	labels: okay okay , just let me have another cup of beers to get my head in the game . 
text: all right . But I think you ought to move soon . 	labels: why ? 
text: I can see five other guys eying her up . 	labels: okay , here I go ! 	episode_done:True
text: We need to save money.	labels: Why do we need to save money?
text: Because we need to buy a house.	labels: But a house is so expensive.
text: That's why we need to save money.	labels: How much do we need to save?
text: We need to save enough for a down payment.	labels: How much is that?
text: That's about $30,000.	labels: Thirty thousand dollars! That will take forever.
text: Not if we save every penny.	labels: Okay. Here's seven pennies.	episode_done:True
text:i was sick.	labels:how were you sick?	episode_done:True
text:i usually eat a simple salad.	labels:what do you put in it?	episode_done:True
text:Sir , may I help you ? 	labels: Would you have my baggage sent up , please ? 
text: Sure . It's my pleasure . The elevator is right there ; your room is on the fifth floor . Here is your room . 	labels: Thank you very much . This is for your help . 	episode_done:True
text: no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season 🙂 Ahh, they lost again 😞 Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.	labels: Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!	episode_done:True
text: A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.	labels: thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?	episode_done:True
text:I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside . 	labels: I see , sir . Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago . 
text: Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room ? 	labels: I am afraid we have no extra key . So I will send somebody to your room . 
text: By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out ? 	labels: Please drop it at the front desk when you leave the hotel . 	episode_done:True
text:have you heard the news?	labels:i haven't heard anything.	episode_done:True
text:It sounds that you have a high opinion of him . 	labels: He is an all-right guy . I have no bone to pick with him . 
text: Birds of feather flock together . 	labels: But he is not a fine wether friend who could sell you down the river . 
text: You cannot judge a person that way . I have a hunch that he is a sly dog . 	labels: Depends on with whom . He may be doing things on the sly , but he is honest with me . I trust him . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . May I see Mrs . Smith ? 	labels: It's me . What can I do for you ? 
text: Nice to meet you , Mrs . Smith . I'm coming here for an interview by appointment . 	labels: Are you Mr . Wu ? 
text: Yes , I am . 	labels: Nice to meet you , too . Did you have any difficulty finding our company ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want your copy in color or black and white?	labels:I want it in color.	episode_done:True
text:Dutton Hotels . How may I help you today ? 	labels: I wanted to check rates and availability for your San Francisco location . 
text: Certainly , I can help you with that . Will that be the downtown or waterfront location ? 	labels: The waterfront location . 
text: What date do you plan to check in ? 	labels: I'd like to check in on October 12th and check out the 15th . 
text: Okay , let me see what we have . For how many ? 	labels: One . And , if possible , I'm looking for a non-smoking room . 
text: Sure , we have a non-smoking queen with an ocean view for $ 189 or a standard room with a courtyard view for $ 139 a night . 	labels: I'd like to book the standard room . 
text: Okay , your last name ? 	labels: Rama . 
text: And , your first name ? 	labels: Jeff . 
text: Okay , I have you booked in a standard non-smoking queen , checking in on October 12th and departing the 15th . What major credit card would you like to use to guarantee the reservation ? 	labels: A Visa . 
text: The number and expiration ? 	labels: It's 7388-2424- 3535-1818 and the expiration is 05/08 . 
text: Your confirmation number is PD672 . Is there anything else I help you with ? 	labels: No , that's all . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:I am tired of everything in my life . 	labels: What ? How happy you life is ! I do envy you . 
text: You don ’ t know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings . 	labels: Maybe you are right . 	episode_done:True
text:well, someone brought it into the house.	labels:look at the bottom of my shoes혰they're clean.	episode_done:True
text:Why are you so late ? 	labels: I've been through a lot today . I forgot to set my alarm clock last night , so I woke up late this morning . And what is worse , I missed the school bus . 	episode_done:True
text:All right , Mr . Crane , when will you be arriving in the city ? 	labels: I should be coming in on the 11:30 mooring flight . How far is the office from the airport ? 
text: Only 25 minutes or so . We ’ ll send somebody to meet you . That ’ s 11:30 a . m . Friday the 15th ? 	labels: That ’ s right . I ’ ll be in the baggage area . 	episode_done:True
text:have you told her?	labels:of course not.	episode_done:True
text:i'll give it back to you in a couple of minutes.	labels:maybe we should put it in a plastic bag to keep it clean.	episode_done:True
text:it's not comfortable.	labels:it seems fine to me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Bob , this is Frank . 	labels: I know , we've met . 
text: I didn't know you knew Frank . 	labels: Yes , we met last year at a conference . 	episode_done:True
text:Waitress , can I have the bill , please ? 	labels: Yes , sir . How would you like to pay the bill , sir ? 
text: Do you accept credit cards ? 	labels: Yes , sir . But we only accept American Express , Master card and Visa . What kind do you have ? 
text: Master card . Here you go . 	labels: Wait a moment , please . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you take reservations ? 	labels: Of course . Reservations aren't necessary , but we recommend them as our restaurant can get quite busy . 
text: I need a table for two for tonight . 	labels: What time ? 
text: We'd like to be seated at 8p m . 	labels: Smoking or non ? 
text: Non-smoking . 	labels: What name is the reservation under ? 
text: My name is Paul . 	labels: Ok . Please arrive at seven forty-five . We can only hold the table until 8,15 . 	episode_done:True
text:  Sharon, I've been looking for you.	labels:  Is there a problem?
text:  No.  I need someone to pick up a client from the airport on Saturday.	labels:  I thought Greg was doing that.
text:  He says he has to visit his parents this weekend.	labels:  He didn't mention that to me.
text:  Are you busy this Saturday?	labels:  I'm sorry.  I just got an urgent email.  I need to reply immediately.
text:  I see.  I will talk to you later then.	labels:  I'll be busy meeting clients all day.	episode_done:True
text:that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.	labels:the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.	episode_done:True
text:people will tell you if they have a good hand.	labels:how do they do that?	episode_done:True
text: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay! 	labels: Yea, I've always said that if I wrote a memoire, I would title it: "Jazz, Jesus, and Video Games." Do you have a title of a book that you've thought of writing before?	episode_done:True
text:Do you often do exercise ? 	labels: Certainly . 
text: OK , and what kind of sports do you usually play ? 	labels: I often play badminton with my parents . 
text: You ? Play badminton ? That's unbelievable ! You are shorter than a racket . 	labels: Hey , I'm good at playing it . 
text: Says who ? 	labels: My parents . 
text: Oh , I see . 	labels: How about you , Daniel ? 
text: I'm a real man , and I like football . 	labels: Well , who is your favorite football player ? 	episode_done:True
text:Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments . 	labels: But I don't have any reading assignments . 
text: Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep . 	labels: Aw , Mom-you're such a drag . 	episode_done:True
text: Hey Stan. Did you hear what happened to Winston?	labels: No, Mark. What happened?
text: He got fired this morning.	labels: Why?
text: He got caught stealing money from the company.	labels: How did he steal it?
text: I don't know.	labels: Did the boss call the police?
text: No, not yet.	labels: Why not?
text: He said that if he returns the money, they will not call the police.	labels: What if he doesn't return the money.
text: Then he's going to call the police.	labels: He better return the money.
text: I know. He is so foolish. Why would he do this?	labels: I always thought there was something strange about him.
text: He's going to have a hard time finding another job after this.	labels: I agree. How can anyone trust him after this?	episode_done:True
text:I really don't know how to break this to you , but it ’ s eating me alive ! 	labels: Just tell the truth . I won ’ t take it personally . 
text: Well ... hum . You are sure you won ’ t lose control of yourself ? 	labels: Sometimes it's wise to be direct with people . Come on , just tell me . Don't beat around the bush , please ! 
text: Well . Since you ’ d like an honest answer , I will tell you the truth . 	labels: Alright . What is that you want to tell me ? 
text: We ’ Ve won two free tickets to Hawaii for a seven-day vacation ! 	labels: What ? Are you serious ? Oh , my gosh ! There will be guys everywhere . 	episode_done:True
text:oh. of course i'm ready.	labels:did you buy the converter?	episode_done:True
text:what are you talking about?	labels:i got a ticket downtown for $140.	episode_done:True
text:Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ? 	labels: It could be . There are floods in this country almost every year , but in recent years they have been more widespread and more frequent . 
text: It seems that the climate in this country is changing . 	labels: The summers are hotter . The last three summers have been the hottest for the past 200 years . There have also been stronger winds . 
text: I think that the changing climate is a sign that we are causing too much damage to the environment . 	labels: I think you ’ re right . Climate change naturally over time , but I think that human activities are speeding up the change . I wish that government would join together and try to resolve the problem . 	episode_done:True
text:i believe that she will give me the invitation today.	labels:are you even going to go?	episode_done:True
text:Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ? 	labels: Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you need a ticket ? 	labels: Surely , I do . It's hard to come by , isn't it ? 
text: Yes , it is . 	labels: Can you get it ? 	episode_done:True
text:Sorry to have smoked in your room . 	labels: Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll open the window . 
text: It ’ s very kind of you . 	labels: Smoking is harmful for your health . 	episode_done:True
text:we'll stop at the next mcdonald's.	labels:how far away is that?	episode_done:True
text:i'm throwing a party on friday.	labels:i didn't realize that.	episode_done:True
text:it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.	labels:oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Jack ! Is Jenny coming with us ? 	labels: Yes . Why ? 
text: Nothing . I am just asking . 	labels: Just asking ? ! Why is your face burning like mad ? Ah-huh , someone has a crush on Jenny , doesn't he ? 
text: Who has a crush ? 	labels: Come on , Ted ! Don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you ’ Ve got to tell her . Maybe she likes you . 
text: Well , I don't have the guts to ask her out . 	labels: What are you so afraid of ? Just tell her what you are feeling about her . 
text: I ’ d totally die if she turned me down . 	labels: But that's better than keeping everything to yourself . You ’ Ve got to let her know . Come on ! You ’ Ve got to take a chance . Even though you are rejected , it ’ s not the end of the world . There ’ s nothing to lose , is there ? 	episode_done:True
text:Houston restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Yes . When do you start severing dinner ? 
text: We open at 6:00 and take last orders at 10 :: 30 . 	labels: Well , that's fine . So I don't think it necessary for us to make a reservation . We will be there at 9:30 . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , is there a department store near here ? 	labels: Yes , there ’ s a department store in Wang Fu Jing . 
text: Where ’ s Wang Fu Jing ? 	labels: It ’ s to the east of Tiananmen Square . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: You ’ re welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:I finally went out to dinner with him last night . 	labels: Just the two of you ? 
text: Yup . 	labels: Where did you go ? 
text: True , a sea food restaurant . 	labels: True ? The food is terrible . 
text: I didn't notice . I don't really even know what I ate . 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:Could you arrange an appointment with Mr . Smith ? 	labels: Sorry , Mr . Smith agenda is full today . 
text: How about tomorrow afternoon ? 	labels: I ’ m not sure , but I will arrange for you and inform you as well . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you decided what you'd like ? 	labels: Yes . First I'll have tomato juice . 
text: And then ? 	labels: I'll have the lamb chops , well-done , please . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to invite you for dinner tonight . Do you think you'll have time ? 	labels: Thank you for your invitation . I'm free tonight . 
text: Which kind of food do you like to eat , Chinese food , western food or seafood ? 	labels: I prefer seafood . 
text: OK . I will pick you up at your hotel at 5:30 p . m . 	labels: That's fine . I'll be waiting for you . 
text: See you later . 	labels: Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ? 	labels: Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts . 
text: Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures . 	labels: And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ’ re very happy that he ’ s healthy and smart . 
text: Oh , so he ’ s half Chinese and half American . That ’ s unusual . What languages does he speak , then ? 	labels: Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn . 
text: What does he look like ? Can people tell ? 	labels: Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Bob . I heard that you had passed your driving test . Is it true ? 	labels: Yes . A few days ago I have no right to get a driving licence . But now I get it . 
text: Is the driving test difficult ? 	labels: Yes , it can be quite tough . Many people fail to pass the test at the first time . 
text: What does the driving test require ? 	labels: You should enroll in driving school and then take a road test and a written test . After you pass both tests , you'll get your licence . 
text: Oh , I see . I need more practice before I take the driving test . 	labels: Don't worry about your driving test . I think you will pass the test and get the driver's licence very soon . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? 	labels: Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . 
text: What ? 	labels: I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... 
text: What is it ? 	labels: Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . 
text: That makes you feel uncomfortable ? 	labels: Yeah . we never do that in a public office . 
text: Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . 	labels: I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . 
text: Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . 	labels: Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? 
text: Yeah . 	labels: Oh , I'm shocked . 	episode_done:True
text:Dad , do you know where Mom is ? 	labels: I think she is in her room putting a little something together for you to take to school with you . 
text: She'd better not start crying like she usually does . 	labels: I know , but she is going to miss you something awful . Have I told you how proud I am of you ? 
text: Dad , now don't you go getting mush on me . 	labels: I mean it . You have really shown us that you are prepared to take on the adult world . 
text: That means a lot to me Dad . Thanks . 	labels: We have great confidence in you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Mary . Nice day , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , what a wonderful day ! The sky has cleared up in the end . 
text: I do feel like an outdoor exercise . After all , we haven't had such a beautiful day for a long time . 	labels: How about taking a walk in the park ? 
text: OK . It's delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . 	labels: ( After they entering the park ) Great , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me . 
text: Are you kidding ? Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your right . 	labels: Oh , I see them . Beautiful weather should be shared by all the people . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Mr . Rodriguez ? Could I speak with you for a moment ? 	labels: I can ’ t just now , Susan . Could we get together this afternoon ? What ’ s it about ? 
text: Well , I ’ d like to talk about my new contract with you , if that ’ s all right . 	labels: Oh , that ’ s right . Is that time of the year , huh ? That ’ s fine . How about if we meet at 3:30 this afternoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:Did you happen to bring that book that we were talking about yesterday ? 	labels: I did . Let me go get it for you . Here you go . 
text: Thanks so much . 	labels: I like the way that the gifts I get increasingly more lavish . 
text: I had no idea that there were specific things that should be given on different anniversaries . 	labels: So what does it say you should give your wife this first anniversary ? 
text: It says that traditionally , give something made of paper . 	labels: I can think of two things made of paper — stationery and money . 	episode_done:True
text:There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . 	labels: Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . 
text: I'd rather get one with separated speakers.They give a clear sound . 	labels: Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . 
text: That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony . 	labels: Let's ask the salesmen for a demonstration . 	episode_done:True
text:What should I prepare for the recruitment fair ? 	labels: You should wear a formal dress and be confident . 
text: What application materials should I take ? 	labels: You should take several resumes and some copies of your graduate diploma . 	episode_done:True
text:My old man always harps on me . 	labels: So does my father . I'm already used to it . 
text: But I can't bear it , John . 	labels: How dare you say that ? What they do is just for our good . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?	labels: I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows	episode_done:True
text:So Chris , I've heard that you're from a big family . How many people ? 	labels: Nine total . Seven children and my parents . 
text: Seven children ? That's a lot . Why did your parents have so many ? 	labels: Well , my mother came from a big family , and wanted to have one of her own . My father was an only child , and didn't really care about having a large family , but my mother talked him into it . 
text: Jeez , seven children . That must have a lot of problems . We have four children in my family and my grandparents can never get our names right . 	labels: It can be hard , and there are certain sacrifices you have to make . 
text: Like what ? I assume that there's no privacy . 	labels: That's one . Another is the lack of personal property . Everything you have , from toys to clothes , is used by your brothers and sisters . Especially clothes . Three quarters of my wardrobe are hand-me-downs . 
text: And the age gap is also annoying . There's a ten-year difference between my younger brother and me . We have nothing in common . 	labels: Same problem here . There's an 18 - year gap between the oldest and youngest child in my family . The last child was born just as the oldest was going to college . 
text: Well , at least going to college won't be too bad . Since both of your parents are college professors , they must give you reduced tuition at the college . 	labels: They do , but it doesn't help too much . Having seven children means that the money situation in my home is always pretty tight . 	episode_done:True
text:let's stop for a while. i need a break and some water.	labels:this trail is hard to climb.	episode_done:True
text:yes, but i don't know where the orange cones are.	labels:it doesn't matter. here he comes now with the mop.	episode_done:True
text:Is the factory fully-automated ? 	labels: Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . 
text: What about supply of parts to the production line ? 	labels: Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line . 
text: What about the smaller components ? 	labels: They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory . 	episode_done:True
text:you're supposed to stay home all day.	labels:that's what i do.	episode_done:True
text:IMPF Bank , Li Lan speaking , how may I help you ? 	labels: Hello , Ms Li , this is Mr Peng . 
text: Hello , Mr Peng , how nice to hear from you again . What can I do for you today ? 	labels: We'll be coming in tomorrow to make a rather large cash withdrawal , it's for payroll . 
text: I see . How much exactly ? 	labels: 500,000 RIB . Do you need me to give you my account number ? 
text: No , that's OK . I've got all of your information here on the screen in front of me . The money will be ready and waiting for you tomorrow . 	labels: Thanks very much for your help , Li Lan . See you tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:what do you mean?	labels:our monthly payments will be too high.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ? 	labels: Can ’ t complain . And you ? 
text: Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ? 	labels: Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is Chen Kun . I am booked on flight LJ88 for Barcelona on Jan . 19th . 	labels: Hold on please ... Yes , you are booked already . 
text: Now I am afraid I can't get to the airport on that day . I want to change my flight for the 21st.Is that all right ? 	labels: I am sorry.Flight LJ88 0n that day is full . What about 22 ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , I am here for my interview . 	labels: Hello , nice to meet you . I ’ m Mr . Gotcha . Have any trouble finding the place ? 
text: No problem . 	labels: So why don ’ t you tell me why you are interested in changing positions ? 
text: Unfortunately , our company is shutting down due to the economy . 	labels: What would you consider your strengths ? 
text: I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes . 	labels: What is your biggest weakness ? 
text: I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged . 	labels: We have a position where that could work out well . 	episode_done:True
text:why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ? 	labels: well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight . 
text: what are they ? 	labels: one study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families . 
text: why ? 	labels: the survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis . 
text: that makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper . 	labels: and junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat . 
text: what's that ? 	labels: nobody exercises anymore-not even kids ! The average american home has the TV on for 6 hours a day ! 
text: wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising . 	labels: yeah , I guess so . 
text: you should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise . 	labels: hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds . 
text: so what happened ? 	labels: well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds . 	episode_done:True
text:of course.	labels:i think only the family will be there.	episode_done:True
text:Man , they take a lot of our paycheck . 	labels: Yeah , the government really takes a bit , doesn't it ? 
text: Seriously . The only tax I don't mind them taking is social security . It's only a few dollars every paycheck . 	labels: Yeah , I don't mind it either . We ’ ll both end up rich slobs and not need it , but what if we do , you know ? 
text: Yeah . It won't be much , but at least we ’ ll have a monthly check when we get old . 	labels: Yeah , my grandmother gets by on social security and the money my grandfather invested when he was alive . 
text: Let's just hope the politicians don't figure out a way to spend it . 	labels: Really ? No , they couldn't . None of them would have jobs if they did . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.Welcome to our program . 	labels: Thank you.Good evening , Mr.Dean . 
text: Would you tell us your name , please ? 	labels: I'm Helen Baker . 
text: Glad to meet you , Ms.Baker . 	labels: Glad to meet you , too . 
text: Where are you from , Ms.Baker ? 	labels: I'm from New Zealand . 
text: What do you do for a living ? 	labels: I'm a teacher . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to pick up my package . 	labels: Here is the notice . 
text: Could you show me your ID , Please ? 	labels: Sure , here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:have you seen bill recently ? 	labels: yes . He ’ s in hospital with a bad back . One morning , he just couldn ’ t get out of bed.His wife called an ambulance and they took him to hospital . He ’ s been there for a few days now . 
text: daisy ’ s in hospital too . she got food poisoning last week . She thinks she got it from some bad seafood . 	labels: you have to be very careful with seafood . It tastes lovely , but it often causes upset stomachs . Have you heard anything from tom ? 
text: he ’ s fine , but he had a fever last week . He probably just had a cold . 	labels: he might be allergic to pollen . My niece is allergic to pollen . It seems like she has a cold , but in fact it ’ s her allergy . 
text: I see . My niece just flew back from Australia to visit . She ’ s got jetlag now . she ’ s just resting today , but we ’ ll probably go out somewhere tomorrow . 	labels: it ’ s nice that she ’ s back for a while . Thinking of all these ailments , I got a splinter the other day . It took a long time for me to get it out of my skin . Look . 
text: oh , your hand is still sore . You should put some ointment on it to stop the swelling . 	labels: that ’ s a good idea . You ’ Ve got a nasty bruise on your hand . 	episode_done:True
text:How was the party ? 	labels: I had a fantastic time . 	episode_done:True
text:Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place . 	labels: Don't worry , but my clothes are made of leathers . 
text: Really ? That's wonderful ! 	labels: Thank you for your warning . 
text: Not at all . 	labels: Be careful of yourself . 	episode_done:True
text:You ’ re not going to believe what happened today . You ’ Ve got to promise to keep it to yourself . 	labels: Sure , what gives ? 
text: Today Mr . Leo threw Sally out of class ! 	labels: On the level ? 
text: I ’ ll say . I knew Sally would finally show her true colors . When she got her final test results back from Mr . Leo , she started yelling at him . You should have heard her . I ’ Ve never seen anyone get so upset before . To make a long story short , it seems that Mr . Leo failed her because he caught her cheating . 	labels: That ’ s no laughing matter . That means she ’ ll have to take the whole course again . I can ’ t believe she ’ s going to have to start from the beginning . 	episode_done:True
text:How was the party last night ? Did you enjoy it ? 	labels: Oh , don ’ t talk to me about last night ! It was the most awful evening I ’ Ve ever had . 
text: Why ? What happened ? 	labels: Well . Mary had promised to be my date , but she stood me up . I waited for her for a full hour in the cold wind . 
text: What about the party ? 	labels: It was boring . The music was too slow and the food was lousy and , above all , I was really sick of the same old crowd all the time . 
text: So how long did you stay ? 	labels: I left after the opening dance . I couldn ’ t wait to get out of there . 	episode_done:True
text:no, it's dark pink!	labels:are you sure? i never heard of such a thing.	episode_done:True
text: Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!	labels: Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?	episode_done:True
text: Can I ask you a question?	labels: Sure, go ahead.
text: How is your relationship with your parents?	labels: It's good. I get along with my father more than I do with my mother.
text: If I may ask, why is that?	labels: I'm not comfortable answering that. Why are you asking?
text: It's for a class project. Why don't you get along with your mother?	labels: What class are you doing this for?
text: It's for my psychology class. Do you live with your dad or mom?	labels: I live with my dad.
text: Do you think that's why you don't get along with your mom?	labels: I said I'm not comfortable talking about that. Change the subject.	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with you ? 	labels: I have had a low fever these days . 
text: Don't worry . I'll write you a prescription for a new medicine that works wonders . 	labels: Thank you , doctor . 	episode_done:True
text:Beautiful day , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , it's not like what the radio said at all . 
text: I wish it would stay this way for the weekend . 	labels: As long as it doesn't snow ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , sir . I think we have reservations . Have you fixed them ? 	labels: Let me see . Your name , please ? 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , come on , Ultraman ! 	labels: What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? 
text: It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . 	labels: Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . 
text: Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? 	labels: Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! 
text: That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? 	labels: Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! 
text: OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . 	labels: How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? 
text: Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl . 	labels: Do you have a better plan ? 	episode_done:True
text:Coffee and a roll?	labels:No, a real breakfast.	episode_done:True
text:How much do you make a month ? 	labels: Mind your own business . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you . 	labels: How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ? 
text: If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up . 	labels: That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose . 
text: It's my pleasure . Well , then . I'll say goodbye . 	labels: Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose . 	episode_done:True
text:no more homework.	labels:i hate homework.	episode_done:True
text:Don't you think it might be a good idea to hold the party outside ? 	labels: I don't think so . 
text: How about going to a concert ? 	labels: That suits me fine . 	episode_done:True
text:They must be your parents , what do they do ? 	labels: My mother is a professor and my father is a manager . 
text: Do they often take you out ? 	labels: No , usually they're very busy . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . What time does the next train to London leave ? 	labels: At 10:30 . 
text: Is it a direct train to London ? 	labels: Yes , it is . 
text: OK . Two tickets to London , please . 	labels: Single or return ? 
text: Single , please . How much in total ? 	labels: 10 pounds . 
text: Here you are . Which platform should I go to wait for the train ? 	labels: It's platform 5 . 
text: OK . Thank you . 	labels: You are welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:i thought you knew.	labels:i honestly didn't know.	episode_done:True
text:Where do you live , Kim ? 	labels: I live in an apartment downtown . 
text: Oh , that's convenient , but ... how much crime is there ? 	labels: Not much . But there is a lot of traffic . I can't stand the noise sometimes ! Where do you live ? 
text: . I have a house in the suburbs . 	labels: Oh , I bet it's really quiet . But is there much to do there ? 
text: No , not much . In fact , nothing ever really happens . That's the trouble . 	labels: Hey . Let's trade places one weekend ! 	episode_done:True
text:Emily , are you getting rushed by a sorority ? 	labels: More than one . I think the count is now three , if I remember correctly . 
text: Wow . I'm getting rushed too , but just one . Are you thinking of joining any of them ? 	labels: I don't know . I know there are advantages to joining , but I'm not much into group stuff . 
text: The guys I've talked to say that the activities that go on in a frat house can be a little distracting depending on the group . 	labels: I think I'm going to decline . I just prefer to do my own thing . 
text: Were your parents involved in that kind of thing at all when they went to school ? 	labels: My dad was , but not my mom . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble . 	labels: That's all right . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Miss . 	labels: Morning . Can I help you ? 
text: Yes , I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here . 	labels: All you need is your student identification card to check out books . 
text: Yes . Here's my identification . 	labels: That's all you need . 
text: Thank you very much . By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ? 	labels: You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals , they have to be read within library . 
text: How long can I keep the books ? 	labels: For two weeks . After that you must renew the book if you wish to keep them longer . 
text: I want a book on physics . Could you show me where I can find it ? 	labels: Yes , over there to your left . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi, I'm Janet. I live next door.	labels: Oh, hello Janet. I'm Richard, and this is my wife Wendy.
text: We're going to be living side by side; we should make the best of it.	labels: I totally agree.
text: My husband will be home soon. He wants to meet you, too.	labels: That would be great. I was hoping to make new friends.
text: Me too. I knew the Thompsons for years. They lived where you do now.	labels: How long have you lived here?
text: For 25 years. I love this neighborhood.	labels: That sounds perfect to us.	episode_done:True
text:How nice these frames are ! 	labels: Yes , they are the latest designs . Would you like to try them on ? 
text: I want to try on this pair . 	labels: The oval shape one ? 
text: That's right . 	labels: I think it suits you well . 
text: I agree , but I like wire frames . 	labels: How about this ? They're the same shape . 	episode_done:True
text:What would be a good day to finally move into the house ? 	labels: You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night . When you actually move in is up to you . 
text: Will the electricity and water be on , or do we need to do something to get it turned on ? 	labels: Make sure that you transfer the utilities to your name and tell them when you will be moving in . 
text: The carpet needs to be cleaned , and I want to paint the walls a different color . 	labels: An empty house is easier to paint and clean . Take a few days to take care of those things before you start moving your furniture in . 
text: I want my appliances to be delivered as we are moving into the house . 	labels: I think that will work out just fine . It will help when you move your groceries in and need to keep them cold . 
text: Would you be willing to help me do a few things on the day I move in ? 	labels: My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day . 	episode_done:True
text: Do you have your customs form?	labels: Yes, I filled it out on the plane.
text: I also need your passport.	labels: I'm a U.S. citizen.
text: I still need to see your passport.	labels: What other documents do you need?
text: Do you have anything to declare?	labels: I bought some leather wallets in Morocco.
text: You're going to have to show them to me.	labels: Are you going to take then away from me?
text: I'll only confiscate them if they are made of python skin.	labels: They are just leather wallets.	episode_done:True
text: Good afternoon. Jet Office Products.	labels: Hello, my name is Richard Lee. I need to reschedule an appointment.
text: I could help you with that.	labels: I have an appointment for 9 a.m. Tuesday that I need to change.
text: Who was your appointment with?	labels: I was scheduled to see Mrs. Roberts.
text: Okay. Thank you for calling.	labels: You're welcome. Can I reschedule?
text: Yes, of course. When will you be free?	labels: Does Mrs. Roberts have any time on Wednesday?
text: No, but she's free Thursday afternoon at 1	labels: That's perfect. Thank you. I'll see her then.	episode_done:True
text:How far do we have to go ? 	labels: About 50 miles . 
text: The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it . 	labels: No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . 
text: Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet . 	labels: But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ? 	episode_done:True
text:  Sharon is really mad at you.	labels:  Why?
text:  You were late for work and she needed a report.	labels:  I called this morning and left a message with the receptionist.
text:  You did?  I don't think the receptionist told Sharon.	labels:  Are you serious?
text:  Yeah.  Sharon is really angry.  She needed that report for her meeting with the president.	labels:  I asked the receptionist to print my report and give it to Sharon.
text:  You had better tell Sharon.	labels:  I'm going to talk to the receptionist first.	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Is this the right counter for gloves ? 
text: Yes , madam . What sort of gloves do you want ? 	labels: Well , let me see some of each . 
text: Certainly . What size do you take ? 	labels: Six and a quarter , I believe , but you'd better measure my hand to make sure . 
text: I think a six is your size . How do you like these ? I can recommend them , they're very reliable . 	labels: Very well , I'll take these two . 	episode_done:True
text:John has some trouble in his life . 	labels: I hear that his father died . 
text: Yeah . He ’ s been having an easy time since he was a boy , and now he doesn ’ t know how to face the music . 	labels: He is out of luck . 	episode_done:True
text:and then they blow smoke out of their mouth.	labels:they think it's cool.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like a cheeseburger and a large order of French fries . 
text: Would you like anything to drink with that ? 	labels: Yes , a medium Coke . 
text: Will that be all ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: For here or to go ? 	labels: To go , please . ( The attendant hands the customer his order . ) 	episode_done:True
text:This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price . 	labels: It's nice , but still too expensive . Can you give me a 20 % discount ? 
text: No . 10 % is my last word . 	labels: Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % . 	episode_done:True
text: Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then 🙂 Pottery sounds like a lot of fun	labels: I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.	episode_done:True
text:about 50 percent of the time he's traveling.	labels:where does he travel to?	episode_done:True
text: Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?	labels: You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!	episode_done:True
text:Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ? 	labels: Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk . 
text: Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk . 	labels: I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator . 
text: Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ? 	labels: Nothing . 
text: What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see . 	labels: Promise that you won't get angry . 
text: OK , I promise . What is it ? 	labels: It's a kitty . 
text: Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house . 	labels: Please , Mummy . Everybody else in my class keeps a pet . Please , I'll take care of it . It's a good kitty . It'll not bring you any trouble . 
text: No way . It might belong to somebody else . You can't keep it here . 	labels: Please , Mummy . I found it this afternoon by the garbage bin . It was starving and looking for something to eat . Please ! You see , it's so cute and tame . 
text: All right . But you have to clean up everything it messes up . 	labels: I will . Thank you , Mummy . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday ? 	labels: I would love to help you prepare for your presentation . 
text: I hate to ask you to do something like that . 	labels: This will not interfere with my work . I promise you that . 
text: When could we get together ? 	labels: I could easily give you some time tomorrow night . 
text: Would you like to meet me at the coffee house next door ? 	labels: Yes , and could you write down anything you might be having trouble with ? 
text: I'll come prepared . 	labels: Goodbye until then . I promise you that you'll do well after we meet . 	episode_done:True
text:What a nice garden ! Look at these tulips ! 	labels: That would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well . 
text: All right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific . 	labels: Thanks . Could you take one more from this angle ? 
text: No problem . 	labels: Now let's have one together . 
text: Do you know how to set up the timer ? 	labels: Let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here . 
text: OK , let's have a try . 	labels: Cheese ... 
text: Did it come out ? 	labels: Yes , but it's blurred and a little dark . 
text: Never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again . 	labels: Ok , let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , Ma'am ? 	labels: I want to buy a cell phone for my daughter . 
text: How old is she ? 	labels: She is 17 . It's for her birthday . 
text: We have a new-fashioned cell phone especially designed for young girls . The brand name is Nokia . 	labels: Thanks , but I want to have a look at the Motorola's products . 
text: Sure . This is the one I will not hesitate to recommend . Its color and style is so attractive and also the quality is really reliable . 	labels: Sounds perfect . I'll take the pink one . Can you pack it for me ? 
text: Sure . By the way , here are some free adornments . Would you like one ? 	labels: Why not ? The Sweetheart pendant matches the cell phone well . I'd take this one . 
text: Have a seat over there . I'll pack it up for you right away . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.	labels:maybe you should stop shaving.	episode_done:True
text:That is way too far for me.	labels:They have a lot of books.That library has never disappointed me.	episode_done:True
text:Smells good ! What ’ s for breakfast ? 	labels: Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! 
text: Nice ! Brunch ! 	labels: Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! 
text: Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? 	labels: Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light . 
text: Looks good ! I ’ ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice . 	labels: Get the jam and butter while you are in there ! Oh ! And don ’ t forget the syrup ! 	episode_done:True
text:you're right. i think it's going to rain later.	labels:in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.	episode_done:True
text:i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?	labels:my wife and i will be cremated.	episode_done:True
text:I am sorry for damaging your car , sir . 	labels: Don't worry about it . Just leave it to the insurance companies . 
text: The car park in this community is over crowded , isn't it ? 	labels: Yeah , more and more cars . People should try to take public transportation . 
text: There aren't enough buses in this city , are there ? 	labels: Yeah , sometimes I really feel like writing a letter to the mayor . 
text: That's too much of hassle . We just want a little bigger parking space . 	labels: Have you taken this to the property management , yet ? 
text: No . but I'm gonna . You know , several months ago , I backed into red Honda when parking . 	labels: Where ? On the road ? 
text: No , right here in the parking lot . It was parked right here in your space . The left rearview mirror was smashed . 	labels: Is the car owner a lady with deafening voice ? 
text: Yes ! How do you know that ? 	labels: That's my wife ! 	episode_done:True
text:Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai , may I ask why you quit ? 	labels: I worked in a foreign representative office for one year . However , I leave there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull . I found another job that was more interesting . 
text: Have you done any work in this field ? What have you learned from the jobs you have had ? 	labels: I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues . 	episode_done:True
text:These goods can be broken very easily , so we would be thankful if you would be sure to use durable packing materials . 	labels: That will be no problem . We never use any kind of inferior packaging . Your goods will be safe . 
text: Good . Can we ask you to put a country of origin mark on each container ? 	labels: We always do that , but I will make a point to check it for you since it is so important . 
text: Do you always put a quality mark on each container ? For this shipment it is crucial to us that you do . 	labels: We don't usually do that unless we are asked to . I'lI tell my staff to take care of this for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Could I borrow it?I don't have money to buy it.	labels:Yes,I could lend you the movie,but be careful with it.	episode_done:True
text:hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to speak to the Ms . Collins , please . 
text: ok . Can I ask who is calling , please ? 	labels: this is Nathaniel Brown . 
text: and what is your call regarding ? 	labels: I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation . 
text: ok , I'll try and put you through . Please hold . 	labels: ok . 
text: ... sorry , her line is busy at the moment . Can I take a message ? 	labels: sure . Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number ? 
text: ok . What's your number ? 	labels: it's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8 . 
text: let me repeat that back to you . That's zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , double six , double eight . 	labels: no , there's no double six at the of the number . It's just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight . 
text: I got it . When should I have her call you back ? 	labels: anytime before 6 pm tonight . 
text: ok , Nathaniel . I'll have Ms . Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm . 	labels: thank you ! 	episode_done:True
text:That dress is too expensive . 	labels: But it ’ s so pretty . 
text: Yes , it is pretty , but it costs $ 200 . What about this one ? It ’ s almost the same , but it costs half as much . 	labels: It ’ s not the same . It ’ s completely different . 
text: It ’ s just a little shorter . 	labels: I really like this one . 
text: Well , it ’ s your money . You can spend it however you want . Do you really think it ’ s pretty ? 	labels: Yeah . It ’ s pretty . 	episode_done:True
text:How did you choose courses when you were abroad ? 	labels: That's a very good question . Choosing proper courses and effectively planning a college schedule is very important to the progress toward your educational goal . In order to do these wisely and effectively , you should consult with a Program Adviser or Academic Counselor . 
text: Wait a minute . There are some new terms for me . I can hardly follow you . 	labels: Ok , I will go into more detail . A Program Adviser or an Academic Counselor is usually an experienced professor who is responsible for all the necessary academic counseling through graduation . You can discuss with him the program selection , changing or adding a program , the requirements for graduation , and other problems related to your study . You will choose some courses , and then discuss with the adviser whether your choice can meet the requirements for graduation . 
text: Everything is so new to me . I think I'll have to experience a very difficult period when I get there . 	labels: Sure , very difficult . 
text: I am very grateful for your advice . 	labels: It's my pleasure to talk with you . 	episode_done:True
text:When will our party be held ? 	labels: Next Wednesday . 
text: Have you sent out invitations by our party ? 	labels: Yes , I have . 
text: When ? 	labels: Ten days ago . 
text: Could Dr.Cole like to attend the party ? 	labels: Yes , he will . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to come over for dinner tonight ? 	labels: Sure , but I have to tell you that I've become a vegetarian . I don't eat any kind of meat . 
text: When did you decide to become a vegetarian ? 	labels: I saw a program a few months ago about how animals are raised for human consumption . I haven't been able to eat a single piece of meat since . 
text: That's great . Do you find that you eat a lot more fruit and vegetables now ? 	labels: Definitely . I've also been buying organic fruit and vegetables , which is more expensive , but much better for you because they don't have any pesticides on them . 
text: You've really turned into a health nut , haven't you ? 	labels: I guess you could say that . Eating fruit and vegetables helps keep you healthy . I've lost 5 pounds and I feel great ! 
text: How do you get enough protein in your diet ? 	labels: Well , I eat a lot more tofu , beans , nuts and some fish . 
text: Well , don't worry about dinner . I'll only make vegetarian dishes for you . Do you like sushi ? 	labels: I prefer cooked fish to raw fish , but if you really like it , make it . 
text: How about a spicy tofu and vegetable stir-fry ? 	labels: That sounds great . What time should I come over ? 
text: Dinner will be ready at about 7:30 pm , so you can come over at 7 p . m . 	labels: Sounds good . See you there ! 	episode_done:True
text:so do i, but i'm worried.	labels:me too. there are no guarantees.	episode_done:True
text: Good afternoon! This is the Beach Palace Hotel. How can I help you?	labels: Do you have any rooms available for this weekend?
text: Yes. How many nights will you be staying?	labels: My wife and I would like to stay for two nights.
text: Do you want a room with a view of the beach?	labels: Is that more expensive?
text: The room without a view is 200 dollars a night.	labels: How much is a room with a view?
text: A room with a view is $300 a night.	labels: Is there a room with a partial view?
text: There is a room with an obstructed view.	labels: I'll take it, but only if it's less than $300.	episode_done:True
text:I finally went out to dinner with him last night . 	labels: Just the two of you ? 
text: Yup . 	labels: Where did you go ? 
text: True , a sea food restaurant . 	labels: True ? The food is terrible . 
text: I didn't notice . I don't really even know what I ate . 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:maybe you shouldn't eat there again.	labels:i'm sure everything will be okay in a day or two.	episode_done:True
text:i want to go to see a movie this weekend.	labels:what's stopping you then?	episode_done:True
text:i can't quit, because i'm making a good salary.	labels:you shouldn't choose money over happiness.	episode_done:True
text: Our TV remote is filthy.	labels: Yes, it's covered with crud.
text: I'm going to clean it.	labels: Don't use water on it!
text: I'll use a damp cloth.	labels: Don't let water get into any of the cracks.
text: I'll squeeze the cloth so it's almost dry.	labels: Don't rub the numbers off the remote.
text: I will rub gently but firmly.	labels: Do it quickly, please, so I can change channels during commercials.
text: I'll give it back to you in a couple of minutes.	labels: Maybe we should put it in a plastic bag to keep it clean.	episode_done:True
text:maybe the banana was bad.	labels:no, the banana was delicious.	episode_done:True
text:Don't take too much off . I'm trying to grow my hair longer . 	labels: How about two inches ? 
text: That sounds perfect . Do you think I can get some highlights today , too ? I've always wanted red . 	labels: I think that will over-process your hair , you should wait at least two weeks . 
text: All right . I'll just have the cut and perm today . 	labels: Great . My assistant will wash your hair , and then I'll be back to help you . 	episode_done:True
text:What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps . 	labels: I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn . 
text: Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ? 	labels: He is really outrageous . 
text: What happened ? 	labels: I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me . 
text: What ? He can't do this to you . 	labels: Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know . 
text: What did you do ? 	labels: I shouted it back of course . 
text: Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit ? 	labels: What would you do if you were in my shoes ? 
text: Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him . 	labels: No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault . 
text: I know . It wouldn't hurt much to say sorry first . And after that , you can casually mention the problem . I am sure he will cooperate . 	labels: I am too angry to do that . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Boss ! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day . 	labels: Okay . Is all going well ? 
text: I think it's going very well , actually . We had a long meeting with them . After several lengthy discussions they decided to accept our offer . 	labels: Really ? That's great . You really did a good job . Anything else to tell me ? 
text: We're meeting with their finance director today and then with the other directors tomorrow , just to sort out some final details . 	labels: OK . If he wants to make any changes , minor alternations can be accepted . Let me know what happens . 	episode_done:True
text: You look lost. Are you in need of any directions?	labels: I was just about to ask someone for directions. Thank you for noticing.
text: Where are you from?	labels: I'm from the inner city.
text: You're a long way from home then. Are you looking for a certain street?	labels: Actually, I need directions to the nearest public bus.
text: Which bus number are you looking for?	labels: I'm looking for Line 267.
text: I know that bus. The stop is just around that corner.	labels: Where? Over there?
text: In that direction.	labels: Thank you so much. I appreciate the help.	episode_done:True
text:You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen . 	labels: So are you . 
text: And I ’ m so honored that you would want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn ’ t truly worthy . 	labels: I feel exactly the same way as you . 
text: Don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t say that . That , that makes it worse . 	labels: What ? You don ’ t love me ? Me , either . 
text: You don ’ t love me ? 	labels: No . 
text: But we ’ re so right for each other . 	labels: I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey John , did you register for classes yet ? 	labels: I register this Friday . 
text: What classes do you plan on taking ? 	labels: I really want to take the communication class , but I don't know if it will be available . 
text: Is that class really that popular ? 	labels: Yeah . I tried to get in last semester , but it was full by the time I registered . 
text: What other classes are you going to take ? 	labels: I still need to take English 201 , but I really don't like writing . 
text: I took that class already . There is a lot of writing , but it's not that bad . 	labels: Oh really ? Who was the instructor ? There are like 4 different instructors to choose from . 
text: I had Professor Mahoney . 	labels: Is he an easy grader ? 
text: I'm not sure if he is or not , but I thought he was definitely fair . 	labels: Do you mind if I ask you what you got ? 
text: Not at all . I got a 3.8 . 	labels: Well , what did you get in English 101 last year ? 
text: I got a 4.0 in that class . 	labels: Well , I can't compare to you . I got a 3.1 in English 101 . That means if you got a lower grade in English 201 , it must be harder . 
text: It's not what it appears . I actually tried harder in the 101 class . If I put as much effort into the 201 class , I would have received the same grade . 	labels: Oh . That helps . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:It's said that John's broken up . 	labels: Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot . 
text: I hear that John's leading a double wife . 	labels: It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you find something ? 	labels: I would like to buy a new fridge . 
text: Is there one in particular that you like ? 	labels: I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator . 
text: Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator . 	labels: What's so great about it ? 
text: It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances . 	labels: What appliances ? 
text: It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside . 	labels: May I see the inside for myself ? 
text: Be my guest . 	labels: Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:Um , which of them is the better typist ? 	labels: Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully . 
text: Is there any difference in their short hand ? 	labels: Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class . 
text: How about languages ? 	labels: Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does . 	episode_done:True
text:but work goes on forever!	labels:we have to work for 30 years!	episode_done:True
text:Dad , can you help me ? 	labels: Oh , honey , you made a mistake . 
text: I don't know how to do it . 	labels: OK . Let's do it together . 
text: 16 divided by 2 . What's the answer ? 	labels: 16 divided by 2 equals 8 . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd.My name is Michael . 	labels: Hold on for a moment . ( a few minutes later ) I have cancelled your reservation.Shall I make another one for you ? 
text: No , thanks . 	labels: I see . Please call us again for any further reservation.Thanks for calling us . 	episode_done:True
text:Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . 	labels: But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football ! 
text: You ’ Ve god a fever and playing football isn ’ t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ’ s that on your arm ? 	labels: I don ’ t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . 
text: It ’ s a rash . I ’ d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? 	labels: I bashed it against the chair in my room . 
text: Does it hurt ? 	labels: A little , but not much . 
text: Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ’ ll take you to the doctor ’ s after breakfast . 	labels: If I ’ m better this afternoon , can I go to school ? 	episode_done:True
text:We are doing Secret Santa at the office again this year . 	labels: Whose name did you pick ? 
text: I got Jacob . Any ideas what to get him ? 	labels: Booze ! 	episode_done:True
text:What do you plan to do for your birthday ? 	labels: I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum . 
text: How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it . 	labels: OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . 	episode_done:True
text:How many rooms are you looking for ? 	labels: Oh , four or five . How much is the rent for this apartment ? 
text: 150 a month . 	labels: 150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 	episode_done:True
text:i got a dent in the parking lot.	labels:how did you get it?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mark ! Long time no see ! 	labels: Hi , Alex ! 
text: Where have you been ? 	labels: I just got back from London . 
text: How was your flight ? 	labels: It was OK . There was a lot of turbulence , though . 
text: That ’ s too bad . How long was the flight ? 	labels: It was 10 hours . 
text: Did you have a layover ? 	labels: Yes , in Paris , France . 
text: Did you buy anything in the duty-free stores ? 	labels: Yes . I bought two boxed of chocolate – one for me and one for you ! 
text: Oh , you didn ’ t have to ... 	labels: It was nothing . 	episode_done:True
text:I have never you mention this friend . Are you on very good terms with him or her ? 	labels: We have been on good terms . She is a very nice girl . But she got in Dutch with her boss . I don ’ t have the heart to see her pounding the pavements . 
text: You must be stuck on her , or you would not use your elbow grease . 	labels: Well , we hit it off with each other . Nothing more , nothing much . 	episode_done:True
text:Aunt Shirley , I heard the Yuan Miao Festival is the name for the festival . Why did it get its name ? 	labels: Well , the first lunar month is called Yuan-month , and in ancient times people called night Miao . And you know the festival is just in the middle of the month . 
text: Oh , I see . I also heard today is the last day for the street fair . Can ’ t wait to sample all the snacks . 	labels: Sure . It ’ s indeed a culinary heaven which offers a wide range of delicious snacks to satisfy all tastes . Then , which one would you like ? 
text: Can you recommend some must-try ? 	labels: OK . Let ’ s go over there . For the Lantern Festival , you should never omit the Yuanxiao . 
text: What ’ s that ? It gets the name from the festival itself . That ’ s really funny ! 	labels: Actually , they are small dumpling balls made of glutinous rice flour . They are like Tangun . 
text: Oh , I know Tangyuan . It ’ s a sweet snack , good for dessert . 	labels: Yes . And also , we can find Yuanxiao with both sweet and salty fillings . 
text: I ’ d like to try the salty ones . Where does that strange smell come from ? 	labels: Oh , the smelly bean curd . My favorite ! 	episode_done:True
text:Happy Mother's Day , Mom ! 	labels: Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn't have ! 
text: Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us . 	labels: I forgot what I put up with . In that case , I do deserve these flowers . 	episode_done:True
text:Mom ? 	labels: Mm ? 
text: Can my friend , Tom Mitchum , come home with me for lunch tomorrow ? 	labels: Of course , Jim . Have I met Tom before ? 
text: Mm — hmm . You met him last summer . He is small and very smart . 	labels: Oh , yes . I remember Tom . His family comes from Maine , right ? 	episode_done:True
text:hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? 	labels: not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . 
text: why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . 	labels: I know , I know.But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! 
text: Really ? What's the series about ? 	labels: well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . 
text: it sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . 	labels: I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . 
text: really ? that's interesting ! 	labels: yeah.Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good . 	episode_done:True
text:if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.	labels:don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?	episode_done:True
text:Hi . I ’ m here for flight 514 returning to Beijing but the board shows there is a delay.How long of a delay is expected ? 	labels: So far it looks like we will be leaving two hours late , but keep checking the departing flights status board just in case . 
text: Do you think it ’ s safe to leave to get a quick bite ? 	labels: I think you should stay in the airport . Even though the delay is expected to be two hours , the flight departure could be announced any minute . Who knows ? 
text: What seems to be the problem ? 	labels: It seems there are some loose bolts on one of the wings . It happens all the time . No need to worry . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! What are you watching ? 	labels: It ’ s a programme about islam . It ’ s very interesting . 
text: Wow ! So many people ! Where are they and what are they doing ? 	labels: They are muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca . Muslims call this pilgrimage haj . 
text: Why do they go there ? 	labels: Muslims believe that every man who is able should go on a haj at least once in his life . Mecca is the spiritual centre of the muslim faith . 
text: When muslims pray , they face towards mecca . 	labels: That ’ s right . Unfortunately , so many people go on the haj each year that there are often stamped and people get killed . 
text: I heard about that . The pilgrims must walk around a large , sacred black stone . 	labels: That ’ s right . That ’ s when accidents often happen . The Saudi government tries to limit the number of pilgrims , to reduce the chances of accidents . 
text: Pilgrimages are common in many faiths . 	labels: Yes . In England , Christian pilgrims might go to Canterbury and many Christians go to the Vatican on pilgrimages . 
text: Isn ’ t there a place in france where people go to get healed ? 	labels: I think that place is Lourdes . There are many stories of people being healed after visiting there . 
text: Do you think that there is something magical about that place ? 	labels: Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ’ t think place is magical in any way . 	episode_done:True
text: Do you go to the gym often?	labels: I go everyday. In fact, I'm in a running challenge.	episode_done:True
text:Are you OK there ? 	labels: Oh , my computer crashed again ! 
text: Can I help ? 	labels: That would be great ! I hate working with computers ! 	episode_done:True
text:I need to find a new furniture set for my living room . 	labels: Where are you going to find one ? 
text: I have no idea . 	labels: Do you want to know where I bought mine ? 
text: Where'd you get it from ? 	labels: I got it from IKEA . 
text: How much did it cost you ? 	labels: It cost me a couple thousand for the whole set . 
text: Is the furniture sturdy ? 	labels: The furniture is built extremely well . 
text: I don't mind paying a lot as long as the quality is good . 	labels: Well , trust me . The quality is fantastic . 	episode_done:True
text:if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.	labels:i don't want to go to hell.	episode_done:True
text:i hate brushing my teeth.	labels:it's such a chore.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . 	labels: Hi there , I ’ m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? 
text: Your assistant gave wonderful directions . 	labels: Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? 
text: Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . 	labels: What are you best at ? 
text: I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . 	labels: What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ? 
text: I don ’ t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy . 	labels: That is good to hear ! 	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:Am good	episode_done:True
text:no. look at the bill when we get it. there's no charge for the bread.	labels:it is delicious, especially with butter.	episode_done:True
text:Please do excuse me for a moment . I've got diarrhea . 	labels: It's easy to get loose bowels in summer . 
text: It may have something to do with the food I had last night 	labels: You ’ Ve got to be careful on the food you eat . 	episode_done:True
text:yeah, are you going to come?	labels:i'm sorry, i can't.	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you . 	labels: That ’ s right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I ’ m not sure if I ’ ll be able to fit you in this week , I ’ m afraid . 
text: I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I ’ d be glad to make it some time next week . 	labels: All right , then . Why don ’ t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 	labels: Is Ms April Wang available at the moment ? 
text: I'm sorry , Sir . She's currently away at our sub-branch . Is there anything I can help you with ? 	labels: I hope so . I'm in the process of applying for a credit card with you , and Ms Wang asked me to drop off these documents . 
text: Let me take a look ... ID , yes , form completed , yes , well , it looks in order , Sir . 	labels: Do you need anything else from me ? 
text: We do require a deposit before we can issue you with a personal credit card . 	labels: No problem . How much ? If I don't have enough on me , I'll pop over to the ATM and draw some . 
text: The minimum deposit is 1,500 RIB . But you will need to pay some small additional handling charges as well . 	labels: I think I can manage that . Let's see ... yes , here we are . 	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you today ? 	labels: I am returning something that I bought yesterday . 
text: What would you like to return ? 	labels: I'm returning a cellphone . 
text: Was there something wrong with it ? 	labels: It's defective . 
text: What isn't working on it ? 	labels: It keeps turning off on it's own . 
text: Alright , do you have the receipt ? 	labels: I have it right here . 
text: I'm going to take care of this and refund your money . 	labels: Thanks for your help . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing over the weekend ? 	labels: I'm planing to go bolling tonight.Tomorrow I was hoping to see a movie.What about you ? 
text: I want to go camping , you know , just get a way for the weekend . I'm not sure I'll be able to , though . 	labels: Why not ? 	episode_done:True
text:It's terrible how things have changed . You remember there used to be trees on all these hills . 	labels: Really ? There aren't many left now . 
text: No , they've all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away . 	labels: Were there any animals in the forest ? 	episode_done:True
text:What did you do over the weekend ? 	labels: I went a global warming rally . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . 
text: Do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ? 	labels: It might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . 
text: What else can we do to protect the environment ? 	labels: If you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy . 
text: How about recycling ? Does that actually help ? 	labels: Yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center . 
text: What do you think the biggest worry for our future is ? 	labels: I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone . 
text: I had no idea you were such an environmentalist before ! 	labels: To be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	episode_done:True
text:why would he do that?	labels:did he set a new record?	episode_done:True
text:Any questions ? 	labels: When will I know your decision ? 
text: Can we get in touch with you by e-mail ? Is this convenient for you ? 	labels: It ’ s quite convenient . 
text: Thank you for your interest in our company . 	labels: OK . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:The channel boats are quite fast , aren't they ? 	labels: Yes , very . They make the trip in about an hour . 
text: I hope we shan't have a rough passage . 	labels: No , I hope not . I want to have a deck chair and enjoy the crossing . 
text: That's a good idea . 	labels: The sea seems quite calm , so there will be no fear of seasickness . Are you seasick ? 
text: Yes , unfortunately . I'm very much subject to it . 	labels: I'm not a very good sailor , either . My mother is a dreadfully poor sailor . In fact , she never takes a voyage unless she has to . I am better than that , and even on the Pacific . after ten days of it , I can still find my sea legs . Well , happily we shall have a smooth passage today . 
text: Yes , this little boat gets up a fine speed , and I think we'll soon get to the land . 	labels: Yeah , I am of the same opinion . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Miss . I want to listen to the music . Could you tell me how to adjust it ? 	labels: Certainly . There are several kinds of music . What do you like to listen to ? 
text: I like listening to the classical music . 	labels: OK , here it is . Can you hear it ? 
text: Yes . Which channel is for opera ? 	labels: The last one clockwise . 	episode_done:True
text:Thanks a million . 	labels: Don't mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you think they could be ended ? 	labels: I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . 
text: So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them . 	labels: It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries . 	episode_done:True
text:the victim hit his head on the concrete steps and died.	labels:that's terrible. can't people just have fun at a baseball game?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . Is this a duty-free shop ? 	labels: Yes , you can draw your tax back at any customs in the EU . 
text: Well , I am afraid I don't bring my passport with me today . Can you save it for us until tomorrow ? 	labels: No problem , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ? 	labels: I don ’ t know . 
text: Please think it over . 	labels: Oh , I see . 
text: Come on , dear . I know you mustn ’ t forget it . 	labels: It ’ s Saturday , a great weekend . 
text: Ur , you really let me down . 	labels: Don ’ t be angry with me . I have a bad memory . 
text: No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband . 	labels: What day is it on earth ? 	episode_done:True
text:so we've got to sell before property values go down?	labels:yes. i still can't believe our city council allowed this building.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . This is Dr . Mustn ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . This is Janet Smith . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Mustn as soon as possible . 
text: Is it urgent ( an emergency ) ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ Ve got an infected wound . 
text: How about this afternoon at 2:00 ? 	labels: That ’ s fine . 
text: Don ’ t forget to bring your health card with you . 	labels: I ’ ll bring the card . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , Linda , you must be so excited about going to study in America . 	labels: Oh , yes , I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people . And making new friends . 
text: Well , I'm sure you will . 	labels: Well , there's one thing . 
text: What's the matter 	labels: I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi Jennifer, it's Doug.	labels: Hello, Doug. How can I help you?
text: I'm a bit concerned with how to set an asking price for my home.	labels: Well, you shouldn't worry, Doug. We will set the price accordingly.
text: What do you mean?	labels: We are experts at this. We'll take all factors into consideration.
text: Such as what, if I may ask?	labels: Our formula takes local pricing, comparability, and market trends into consideration.
text: That's very thorough.	labels: We are real estate experts, Doug.
text: I think I made the right decision to hire you, Ms. Winters.	labels: Well, thank you, Doug. It's my pleasure.	episode_done:True
text:What's it made of , could you tell me ? 	labels: Linen.It ' s ideal for summer wear . 
text: Can it wear well and keep its shape ? 	labels: Certainly.It has been specially treated . 	episode_done:True
text:  You gave a great presentation.	labels:  Thanks.  I worked really hard on it.
text:  I could tell.  It was very detailed with lots of information.	labels:  I hope the CEO was impressed.
text:  I think she was.  I saw her smile a few times.	labels:  That's good to hear.  It's scary to give a presentation in front of the head of the company.	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , Miss ? 	labels: Do you have anything which can prevent wrinkles and freckles ? 
text: What is your skin type ? 	labels: My skin is kind of oily . 
text: This nutrition cream is for anti-wrinkling and whitening which is a newcomer brand . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: $ 60.The price is reasonable for its large quantity . What's more , there are some gifts attaching for you . 	labels: Sounds good . What are the gifts attaching ? 
text: You can take one tonic or hand cream . 	labels: I will choose the tonic . 
text: No problem . You can try this kind of gel which can prevent freckle , the effect will be better if you use this powder foundation applied with it . 	labels: That's the very thing I want . 	episode_done:True
text:Fill it up with premium , please . 	labels: Sure . Should I check your radiator ? 
text: No , that's OK . How much do I owe you ? 	labels: That'll be ¥ 150 . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you reading ? You've had your nose buried in that book since last night . 	labels: This book is so good . I just can't put it down ! It's called ' The Power of One ' . 
text: I haven't read a book like that for as long as I can remember . 	labels: Me either . From the very first page , this author just pulled me right in ! 
text: Can I read it when you're finished ? 	labels: Yes . I'm in the last chapter now and it is just gripping . 
text: Don't tell me anything about it . I want to read it for myself . 	labels: Okay . But be prepared for an all-nighter ! I doubt you will want to put it down either . 	episode_done:True
text:poodles bark a lot.	labels:they sure do.	episode_done:True
text:Hi Jane , you look great . 	labels: You too . Have you lost some weight ? 
text: Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it . 	labels: Not some crazy diet fat I hope . 
text: No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balance meal . and I eat less than before . 	labels: Good for you , keep it up . 	episode_done:True
text:Sorry to trouble you . Can you tell me how to get to the City Bank ? 	labels: It's about two or there blocks away from here . 
text: How long will it take if I walk ? 	labels: It'll take you about 15 minutes . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi!	labels: Hello!	episode_done:True
text:which one do you want?	labels:that one. the one that's all black.	episode_done:True
text:I feel terrible , but I've just broken your ashtray . 	labels: It's nothing to get upset about . 
text: I don't know what to say . I'd like to replace it . 	labels: No . It's out of the question . 	episode_done:True
text: I love it when people fall on the red carpet!	labels: Why would you like watching that?
text: It's funny to see someone famous fall!	labels: I think it's mean to laugh at anyone falling.
text: You laughed at me when I fell last time!	labels: Well, how would you like it if you fell on national TV?
text: I guess that would be embarrassing.	labels: You should always put yourself in others' shoes!
text: I still think it's pretty funny, though.	labels: Haven't you learned your lesson?
text: Yes. If I fell on national TV, I'd be the first person to laugh.	labels: I guess that's a good attitude to have.	episode_done:True
text:What's for dinner ? 	labels: Leftovers . 
text: What ? Leftovers of what and from when ? 	labels: From last night ! I took the left over turkey , mixed it with some diced peppers and onions , added a little bit of mayonnaise and made some sandwiches ! 
text: Isn't that dangerous though ? I mean bacteria and germs reproducing on food that was left out or re-heated ? 	labels: Well , I didn't leave the turkey out at room temperature for more than a an hour and I refrigerated it soon after we finished eating . Also , when reheating , I put it in the oven for fifteen minutes at one hundred degrees Celsius . 
text: Well OK , I am just afraid of getting food poisoning . 	labels: Don't worry about it ! Making a new meal out of leftovers is almost an art ! Not only do you save money , but you also get to be creative and have something different to eat ! 	episode_done:True
text:I just called Mr . Smith in Room 201 , but there was no reply . Would you find out if he's still staying there ? 	labels: All right . One moment , please ... No , Mr . Smith checked out this morning . 
text: Oh , he did ? May I have his forwarding address , please ? 	labels: I ' m afraid he didn ’ t leave one . 	episode_done:True
text:bacon and eggs?	labels:with toast, ham, sausage, fresh fruit, and juice.	episode_done:True
text:one to wipe the handle, and the others to wipe the produce.	labels:what's the matter with the produce?	episode_done:True
text:Anne , would you please come in for a while ? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting . 	labels: Of course , sir ... Here's the minutes of the meeting . 
text: How long did the meeting last ? 	labels: The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and it lasted for two and a half hours . 
text: Did the chairman ask for me ? 	labels: Yes , I told him that you were very ill and couldn't attend . 
text: All right . Have you handed in my report to him ? 	labels: Yes , I did . Besides , here are all the reports and materials handed out in the meeting . I think you'll have to do some replies . 
text: Thank you , Anne . You've done an excellent job . Did they mention the date for the next meeting ? 	labels: No , they didn't . The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Bill , it ’ s Jane . 	labels: Jane , I ’ m on the other line , can you hang on for a second ? 
text: Sure . 	labels: OK , I ’ ll be right back . 	episode_done:True
text:It's almost 6:00 . I'd better be going . 	labels: Can you stay for dinner ? We'd love to have you join us . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . 	labels: Yes ? 
text: Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? 	labels: Certainly.Go along Queen's Road ... 
text: Along Queen's Road ... 	labels: Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . 
text: Right at the Hilton . 	labels: Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . 
text: The Cathedral ? 	labels: Yes.Then cross the road at the next traffic lights.The Peak Tram is straight ahead.You can't miss it . 
text: That's very kind of you . Thank you.Er ... have you got a pencil ? 	labels: Yes.Why ? 	episode_done:True
text:our room was right next to the elevator and the ice machine.	labels:they added phony charges to our bill.	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you find something ? 	labels: I would like to buy a new fridge . 
text: Is there one in particular that you like ? 	labels: I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator . 
text: Ah yes , that is a great refrigerator . 	labels: What's so great about it ? 
text: It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances . 	labels: What appliances ? 
text: It comes with an ice maker , water dispenser , and there is a lot of room inside . 	labels: May I see the inside for myself ? 
text: Be my guest . 	labels: Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me.sir . Can I have look at the timetable please ? 	labels: Surely of course.Here you are . 
text: Is flight ZW203 a direct one ? 	labels: No , it stopped at Honolulu.Would you like to book one ? 
text: No . Is there any direct flight to New York ? 	labels: Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , good to see you . What can we assist you with today ? Going away on business again ? 	labels: Yes , I'm off again at the beginning of next week . I need to get some Traveller's Cheques . 
text: We do always recommend people take Traveller's Cheques when travelling overseas . The world is a dangerous place nowadays , you never know . 	labels: Sure . At least if I do get robbed , heaven forbid , I can get my money back using the traveller's cheques insurance . Once , when I was travelling in France , I was pick-pocketed and not only did you replace my Traveller's Cheques for free , you also did it extremely quickly and easily . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to copy a document immediately . 	labels: We have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor . 
text: Great ! How much is it for a copy ? 	labels: The price per copy is ten cents . 
text: That sounds reasonable . I'll be down there immediately . 	labels: There shouldn't be any long lines , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! We ’ Ve been waiting for our lunch order for over an hour . Did you forget our order ? 	labels: I ’ m sorry , sir . Could you tell me your name and order again , please ? I ’ ll check on the delay . 
text: The name ’ s Stanley Morris and the order was for two chef ’ s salads . 	labels: Thank you , Mr . Morris . Please wait one moment and let me check on the order . Would you like anything to drink , sir ? On the house . 	episode_done:True
text:You are married to a foreigner , aren't you ? So what's it like ? 	labels: Well , in the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulties in getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts . 
text: Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures . 	labels: Now we have a two-year-old boy . We're very happy that he's healthy and smart . 
text: Oh , so he's half Chinese and half American . That's unusual . What languages does he speak , then ? 	labels: Right now he speaks mostly English , and he can say a few Chinese words . But he will learn in the future . 
text: What does he look like ? Can people tell ? 	labels: Yes , people surely can . He's whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	episode_done:True
text:Ugh . Another advertisement . They ’ Ve added two hours of advertisements to a two hours movie . 	labels: Yeah . We ’ re never going to get to the end of this one . 
text: Why are we watching it anyway ? 	labels: Well , it does have a lot of girls in it . 
text: True . True . 	labels: Do you think Bruce Willis just drank a Coke for his health ? 
text: Really ? Did Coke pay him for that ? 	labels: Of course . 
text: You want something to drink ? 	labels: Yeah , Got a Coke ? 
text: Sure . 	labels: Hurry , the movie is coming back on . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to buy a ticket to New York please . 	labels: When do you plan to travel ? 
text: I ’ d like to pack my bags and leave tonight . 	labels: Are you aware that without two weeks advance notice prices will be very high ? 
text: Yes I know , but I just got the chance to leave and so I am going to take it no matter what . 	labels: I understand . So that ’ s one ticket to New York , and you ’ ll be departing tonight . Will that be one-way or round trip ? 
text: I wish I could stay there , but unfortunately it will have to be a round trip ticket . 	labels: When would you like to return ? 
text: My return date will be the 14th . 	labels: OK . I have several seats available . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? 
text: Anything but a center seat is fine with me . The middle seat drives me crazy ! 	labels: OK Mr . Lee . I have you booked on flight 513 leaving on the 5th at 11:00 pm and arriving in New York on the 6th at 6 
text: Will there be any layovers ? 	labels: No , all flights are direct . 
text: Perfect ! I ’ m afraid to ask , but how much is it ? 	labels: $ 800 dollars . 	episode_done:True
text:You have been so busy these months . What are you up to ? 	labels: You know , next week , we ’ ll hold a football match . Our cheering squad is busy rehearsing the programmes for it 	episode_done:True
text:Why do you stop me ? 	labels: You have gone against the traffic rules . 
text: I'm sorry . 	labels: Do you know this is a Onaway street ? 
text: I don't know . 	labels: You have to pay a fine . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you sure you know where this bus goes ? 	labels: It should go to Altadena . 
text: What do you mean it should ? 	labels: I'm not completely sure if it really does . 
text: Dude , are we on the right bus ? 	labels: I'm almost positive that this is the right one . 
text: It doesn't look like we're on our way to Altadena . 	labels: We have been riding this bus for a long time . 
text: What does that sign say ? 	labels: I think it says Temple City . 
text: Yup , I'm never trusting you with the bus schedules again . 	labels: I'm sorry . But at least we know which bus to catch to get back where we started . 	episode_done:True
text:It smells like an ashtray in here ! 	labels: Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ? 
text: What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking . 	labels: No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight ! 
text: Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before . 	labels: I know , I know . I am really trying , but I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand ? 	episode_done:True
text:  I want to make chocolate chip cookies.	labels:  My grandmother makes the best cookies.
text:  Why are they the best?	labels:  She puts a secret ingredient in it.
text:  What is the special ingredient?	labels:  I don't know because it's a secret.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , what's the matter ? 	labels: It doesn't matter . I just feel a little dizzy . 
text: Are you sure that this has nothing to do with sleep ? 	labels: I don't know . 	episode_done:True
text: Trevor, do you have a camera?	labels: Yeah, I have two cameras. I have a digital camera and a SLR camera.
text: OK, which one do you prefer?	labels: Recently I am using the digital camera a lot. I can make the photos on my personal computer.
text: OK. What do you like to take photos of?	labels: I like to take photos of people, mainly, sometimes landscapes but mainly people.
text: Now you mean your family or strangers?	labels: Oh, family and friends, sometimes strangers.
text: Oh, OK. Do you mind being photographed?	labels: No, I like it! No, I'm not shy.
text: OK. Do you smile when people take your picture?	labels: Sometimes, or I might make a silly face.
text: A silly face! OK. Um..what kind of pictures do you like to look at?	labels: I like to look at nice landscapes, and cityscapes.
text: Cityscapes!	labels: Yeah, photographs taken in the city.
text: OK. Great! And do you have pictures of yourself as a child?	labels: Oh, I've got a couple at home, but they're a bit embarassing.
text: OK. Do you have any pictures of your family in your wallet?	labels: Yeah, I've got a picture of my mum and dad.	episode_done:True
text:This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? 
text: I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? 	labels: Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . 
text: And how many pieces did you have ? 	labels: Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . 
text: Is there a name tag attached to them ? 	labels: Yes , there is . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific ! 	labels: Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that . 
text: No , we just don ’ t usually admit it ! 	labels: Well , thanks for the compliment anyway ! 	episode_done:True
text:What do you plan to do after you graduate from here?	labels:I'm planning to go to medical school,You?	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a drink?	labels:Not yet.	episode_done:True
text: Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?	labels: Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . 	labels: Why not ? It's my parking space . 
text: I'm afraid not , sir . 	labels: Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! 
text: But I saw a red car always parking here before . 	labels: Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . 
text: Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . 	labels: Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . 
text: Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . 	labels: Sure , go ahead . 
text: Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space . 	labels: That's all right . It's not your fault . 	episode_done:True
text:Management is going through a big turnover these days . With Bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff . They've been dropping like flies ... 	labels: Isn't that a good thing ? Having fewer bosses means having less stress , don't you think ? 
text: Actually , I don't think so . Supervisors are really important to make sure everything goes smoothly in the workplace . They are necessary for divvying up work and disciplining employees . If there is no one to keep an eye on us , no one would get any work done . You know what they say , when the cat's away , the mice play . 	labels: You're right , we do need leadership . But what we don't need is too many people to lead us . You know what they say about too many chiefs and not enough Indians ... 	episode_done:True
text:What qualifications should a reporter have ? 	labels: As a reporter , he must have acute insight and language skills . At the same time , he must have good judgment , the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others . 
text: Can you work under pressure ? You know , people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper . 	labels: I think I've got used to work under pressure . I will adjust myself to the step of your newspaper quickly . 	episode_done:True
text: Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!	labels: hehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl	episode_done:True
text:How much is a ticket to Edinburgh ? 	labels: Single or return ? 
text: A return ticket , please . 	labels: A return ticket is forty-six pounds fifty . 	episode_done:True
text:different things혰not the same thing all the time.	labels:you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?	episode_done:True
text:Madam , I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . I think there are something needs to modify . 	labels: Which terms ? 
text: First , about the terms of payment . Your draft contract says that payment is to be made by D \ A . This is not our practice . We prefer to have the payment made by L \ C through a negotiating bank in America . 	labels: Good . I will add this to the contract . 
text: The second thing I would like to point out , that is packaging . It's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes . But I think the wooden cases are much safer . 	labels: Well , you are right . Is there anything else ? 
text: As far as the contract stipulations are concerned , there is nothing more . Thank you very much . 	labels: Well , we have agreed on all the major points . 	episode_done:True
text:you don't need a job. i make enough money for both of us.	labels:that doesn't matter. i don't want to sit around.	episode_done:True
text:everyone likes him.	labels:he's a good speaker.	episode_done:True
text:to show respect to god and others.	labels:i'm glad sunday is only once a week.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Jack , where's your car ? 	labels: I got rid of that clunker . This is my new one . 
text: Is that right ? It sure beats the old one ? 	labels: Jump in , I'll give you a ride . 
text: Ok . Boy , this looks expensive . 	labels: Yeah , it costed a bundle alright . 
text: Wow , this's sinking a hole . 	labels: Yeah , this sucker is the fastest thing I've ever owned . 
text: I believe it . Hoo , this car corners like it's on rails . 	labels: We are on the high way . I'm the * * . 
text: Wow , this car can really burn rubber . 	labels: It's a great feeling . 
text: You made a perfect choice , Jack . 	labels: Thanks , Daisy . 	episode_done:True
text:We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . 	labels: How long will you stay there ? 
text: About one week . 	labels: Where will you live during the vacation . 
text: In the hotel . 	labels: Have you made a reservation ? 
text: Yes , we have . 	labels: That's OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . White , I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company . It will be effective at the beginning of the next month . 	labels: Jessica , I am very sorry to hear that . Why are you leaving ? 
text: I've been offered another job with higher salary . And it also gives me the opportunity of promotion . 	labels: Oh . If you had talked to me first , we would have given you a raise . 
text: You are really a good employer , Mr . White and I am very lucky to have such a good boss like you . But this new job is more in my field of interest training . It's something I have always wanted . 	labels: Ok , good luck , Jessica . By the way , if you ever need a letter of recommendation , I would be happy to write one for you . 	episode_done:True
text:I've typed the report . 	labels: Well done . 
text: And I've filed the letters . 	labels: Excellent job . 
text: And I've checked the orders . 	labels: I'm very impressed . 
text: And I've ordered the supplies . 	labels: Congratulations . You should be very proud of yourself . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm having a party this friday.	labels:oh, really? that's nice.	episode_done:True
text:is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?	labels:i've got to go.	episode_done:True
text:John , you look pale . What happened ? 	labels: I stayed up last night . 
text: Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned ! Maybe I can help you ! 	labels: Will , I'm under a lot of pressure . My manager is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near but I have finished neither of them . 
text: Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to so that I can relieve my stress . 
text: I know your feeling . Take it easy and say something to me if you like . 	labels: Oh , buddy , you are so kind . Thank you ! 	episode_done:True
text: Is there anything I can say or do to make you lower the monthly rent?	labels: I doubt it, but let me hear you out.
text: If you lower the price, I will mow the lawn and trim the hedges every month.	labels: No, I already have someone who does that.
text: What if I give you the first two months' rent in advance?	labels: No deal. Sorry, kid.
text: Looks like I can't convince you to lower the rent.	labels: I'm sorry, but that was a good effort.
text: I guess I'm going to have such a hard time paying rent.	labels: Don't look so down now.
text: I can't help it.	labels: Alright, you win! I'll lower the price.	episode_done:True
text:Susan , can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China ? 	labels: Well , as per capital income goes up and up , the growth sector seems to be in the high-end . 
text: Retail is going upscale here ? China is certainly growing more quickly than I had imagined . 	labels: Yes . Things certainly have changed since I was a boy . We've developed very quickly . 
text: Do you think the trend will continue ? 	labels: I don't see why not . We do have some problems , but we are still willing to work hard and wages aren't too high at this point . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . How can I help you ? 	labels: I want to apply for a passport here . 
text: OK . Please fill in these forms and take them back when you are done . 	labels: ( 10 minutes later . ) Hi . Here are completed forms . 
text: OK . Can I have your original ID card and tw0 2 - inch photos ? 	labels: Here you are , But I forgot my photos . 
text: That is OK . We have photo taking service here . You may pay your fee , take a photo there and take it back here . 	labels: OK . I am going right now . 	episode_done:True
text:Who finances the magazine ? 	labels: I don't know exactly . I only hear it's financed by a famous film star . 
text: Does it have a large circulation ? 	labels: Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable . 	episode_done:True
text:what happened to your plans?	labels:i got a d in college chemistry.	episode_done:True
text:if you get sick, i'll return the favor.	labels:thanks. see you at school tomorrow if you feel better.	episode_done:True
text: I'm thinking of adding another class.	labels: Another one? You already have 7 classes.
text: I know, but I really want to add Psychology 101. It seems interesting.	labels: You're going to be so stressed out.
text: I think I can handle 8 classes.	labels: Seriously? You're going to be constantly in class or studying.
text: I know, but it's worth it.	labels: Tell me that when I'm partying and you're not.
text: How many classes are you taking? Two?	labels: Haha! You're funny. I'm taking three.
text: That's so little. Don't you feel like an underachiever?	labels: Remind me again why we're friends.	episode_done:True
text:I like pop music very much . 	labels: What ? 
text: I said I like pop music very much.It ' s so lovely . 	labels: Is it ? 	episode_done:True
text:Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . 	labels: I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . 
text: Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? 	labels: Ok . 
text: This is really wonderful party . 	labels: Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . 
text: Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel . 	labels: You look great , you are absolutely glowing . 	episode_done:True
text:it's one dollar for 100 minutes.	labels:that's only a penny a minute!	episode_done:True
text:can we afford it?	labels:they want 20 percent down.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Passport , please . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection . 	labels: Ok.But is there anything wrong ? 
text: It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift . 
text: Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one . 	labels: Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ? 
text: Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are.Take this and pay to the woman over there . 	labels: I've paid for it . Here's the receipt . 
text: Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Who broke the glass , Peter ? 	labels: That cat . 
text: I was not born yesterday . It must be either you or Adam . 	labels: It ’ s me , mum , I am sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:That's right . And I'm going to be Vice President of Marketing . 	labels: Way to go , Mary . A lot has happened during the last few months , hasn't it ? 
text: You can say that again ! 	labels: What's up with Vince and Elvin ? 
text: They work for Zina now . 	labels: And they're happy with that ? 	episode_done:True
text:how do they do that?	labels:for example, a friend of mine licks his lips.	episode_done:True
text:Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ... 	labels: Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot . 
text: I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ... 	labels: Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal . 
text: Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just gimme my money ! 	labels: Please type the amount you would like to withdraw . Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 . 
text: No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No ! 	labels: Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye ! 
text: No , no way ! What happened ? Give me my money ! 	labels: Danger , danger ! The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . Thank you for using our bank . Have a nice day . 	episode_done:True
text:no, thanks, maybe another time.	labels:okay, sounds good.	episode_done:True
text:Seattle restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: I would like to book a table for five at 7:00 tonight . 
text: May I have your name , please ? 	labels: Michael . 	episode_done:True
text:are you right-handed?	labels:yes. all my life.	episode_done:True
text: That concludes my part of the interview. Do you have any questions for me?	labels: Yes, thank you, Mr. Thompson, I do.
text: Okay, what's on your mind?	labels: Is this a new position?
text: Yes, we have created this new position recently.	labels: If you hire me, when do you want me to start?
text: We plan to hire someone by the end of this month.	labels: Are there some times of the year that are busier than others?
text: Yes. The summer months are very busy here.	labels: That's good to know. Does it matter if I take night classes?
text: No. The hours for the job are in the daytime.	labels: Okay, I have no more questions. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:I've brought a little dog for Alice , girls usually like looking after pets . 	labels: Thank you , but Alice is only a visitor here . I don't know if she'll keep it . 
text: To tell you the truth , the dog isn't my real reason for coming . I want to ask Alice if she'd like to be my girlfriend . 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , My name is Candy Brown . May I have your name ? 	labels: Hello , Candy . My name is Jim White . Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you , too . Where are you from ? 	labels: I'm from New Orleans . What about you ? 
text: I was born here . 	labels: Really ? This is a beautiful town . 
text: It's nice talking to you . But I have to go . 	labels: OK . Can I have your phone number ? 
text: OK . It's 15066688866 . Call me ! Bye-bye , then . 	labels: I will . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , miss . Can you bring me something to drink ? 	labels: Sure , sir . But there is a charge for alcoholic beverages in economy class . Would you please refer to this price list ? And then give me your order . 
text: Thank you for reminding me . Well , please give me a glass of brandy and I will pay for it . 	labels: OK , I will bring it to you in a moment . 	episode_done:True
text:What's up ? You look depressed . 	labels: I just had a quarrel with him . 
text: Would you rather I taught him a lesson for you ? 	labels: No , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey John . I have some great news . 	labels: What happened ? 
text: I got a job offer from Dell . 	labels: That's great . I thought you said you didn't get the job . 
text: I thought I did bad on the interview , but I guess I was wrong . I'm so happy right now . 	labels: I bet . That's great news . I'm very happy for you . 
text: Thanks . I feel like celebrating . Let's go have a beer . It's on me . 	labels: Sounds good . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door . 	labels: Oh , hi Lucas , come on in . I'm Barbara . Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you too . 	labels: Would you like something to drink ? I've got tea and some grape juice . 
text: Thanks . Some tea would be nice . Chinese tea is great . I really like your tea set . Where did you get it ? 	labels: Oh , there is a supermarket not far from here . But there is also a tea house around the corner , where you can get tea , taste tea and get a tea set as well . 
text: Oh yeah , I saw the tea house the other day . I think I might go and have a look sometime . It's a nice neighborhood here . 	labels: You are right about that . It's quiet and very convenient . You can get to the bus and the subway stations within ten minutes ' walk . There's a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants along the street . 
text: There's a gym nearby ? That's exciting ! I really want to start to go to gym as soon as possible . I've been lazy this summer holiday and have put on some weight . 	labels: Well , if you want we can go together sometime . Actually I was thinking of going this afternoon , if you like , you can join me and I can show you the neighborhood along the way . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of your teacher ? 	labels: He's very strict with us . 
text: And I hear he gives very good lectures . 	labels: Indeed . He's strict with himself , too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared . 	episode_done:True
text:IBA , Client Services Department . Shelley speaking , how can I help ? 	labels: Client Services ? Oh , hello . I need your help . 
text: Certainly , that's what we're here for . What can I help you with ? 	labels: I'm a tourist in this city and unfortunately I've lost my card ! 
text: Calm down , Sir . Is that an IBA Debit or Credit Card ? 	labels: Credit Card . The International Credit Card , I can't find it anywhere . 
text: Just calm down , Sir . OK , when do you think you lost it ? 	labels: I'm not 100 % sure , around an hour ago I guess . I had it in the hotel lobby bar ; I used it to charge something to my room . I obviously didn't pick it up again . 
text: That's fine , Sir . Let me just take some details FRCM you and we can help you . 	labels: Thank you . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you enjoy that new movie ? 	labels: That movie's just a lot of noise , same as Simon . 
text: Oh , what happened , Carole ? 	labels: I had to go by myself , he couldn't make it . 
text: What ? I met him just before I took off from Kitty's , he said he was coming . 	labels: Kitty's ? He sure gets around , doesn't he ? 
text: Looks like it . So how did he handle it to ? 	labels: His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again . 
text: I think that's a bunch of nonsense . It seemed ok to me . 	labels: I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy . 
text: Doesn't sound promising . 	labels: Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug . 
text: If you want I'll let him know if I run into him . 	labels: Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get the class . 	episode_done:True
text:Taylor , you're sweating up a storm ! 	labels: Your boyfriend , Bryan , wanted to toss the football . I think he wore me out . 
text: Yeah , you look a little shaky . And pale . You seriously need some time in the sun . 	labels: You're like the tenth person to say that . 
text: We're just worried about you , Taylor . 	labels: Whatever . I wish people would just leave me alone ! 	episode_done:True
text:I started shopping at the dollar store.	labels:That saves a lot of money.	episode_done:True
text:Personal Finance Department , Lucie speaking , how may I help ? 	labels: Hello there . I need some advice about personal finance . Could you help me please ? 
text: That's no problem . What exactly would you like to know ? 	labels: Well , I've been very busy recently and I'm having trouble keeping up to date with everything , so I just wondered what exact service you offer . 
text: We have a wonderful new service which provides a wide range of banking services , 24/7 , wherever you are . 	labels: That sounds perfect and just what I'm looking for . 	episode_done:True
text:what's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired . 	labels: My father failed in business . 
text: Oh , that's really tough . 	labels: Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . 
text: I can understand . By the way , is there anyway I can help ? 	labels: No , not now . I have found a part-time job . So perhaps I can help my family to come over the difficulties . 
text: Oh , that's so great , bless you ! if you need me , I'll always be there . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? Hello ? 	labels: ( No response ; Silence ) 
text: Hello ? Who is calling , please ? 	labels: ( No response ) 	episode_done:True
text:Is there any chance to further study ? 	labels: Nope . Our company is private-owned and its profit is the biggest issue . We don't think that further study has anything to do with our development and profit-making . 
text: Do you have training program or plan for employees ? 	labels: Nope . We just hope our employees will make profit for us . 	episode_done:True
text:You know Ernie , it seems we both like the same artists . 	labels: Yes , we do . I think we have the same musical tastes . 
text: But if we're going to start a band , we have to be able to sing and dance . Can you do that ? 	labels: I'm not a very good singer , but I'm a really great dancer ! I love hip hop dancing . 	episode_done:True
text:I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ? 	labels: Yes . I think so . It ’ s not a very expensive apartment . It ’ s in the right area and it has everything that we are looking for . The rooms are quite large too . 
text: I love the balcony . We can sit outside and enjoy the sun in summer . We are on the 12th floor , so there ’ s very nice view from the balcony . 	labels: The neighbourhood is nice too . There is a park nearby . 
text: Yes , and there are many houses nearby . I like it that the neighbourhood isn ’ t full of apartment blocks . 	labels: It ’ s a pity we can ’ t afford a house . A garden would be so nice . 
text: Yes , it would . Don ’ t worry . There ’ s a lawn outside the building and there ’ s the park nearby . This place will be fine . 	labels: The building is quite new and well constructed . I ’ m happy with the fittings too . 	episode_done:True
text:what a great song.	labels:how about "let it be?"	episode_done:True
text:Can I borrow these magazines ? 	labels: Fill in the slip , then take it to the circulation desk . They will get you what you want . 
text: Are we allowed to go into the stacks to look for books ? 	labels: Sorry , the stacks are closed to undergraduate students . 	episode_done:True
text:what happened to the other student?	labels:he landed on the hood of the car.	episode_done:True
text:How are your Chinese lessons going ? 	labels: Oh I ’ m learning very slowly . I think Chinese is more difficult than English . 
text: Well I guess you have fewer characters but I think Chinese grammar is easier . 	labels: Maybe , but I think people usually learn English more quickly than Chinese . 
text: Yes , I guess basic speaking in the English is easier . 	labels: Maybe that ’ s why your English is much better than my Chinese . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like a cigarette ? 	labels: No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . 
text: Really ? Why ? 	labels: Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . 
text: I see.You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? 	labels: That's right . You should give it up , too.It ' s bad for your health . 
text: Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . 	labels: But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started.Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! 
text: What do you mean ? What are you talking about ? 	labels: I mean you couldn't give it up ! 	episode_done:True
text:no good movies come to mind.	labels:have you decided whether or not you would like to go?	episode_done:True
text:i don't like riding the bus.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d like to open a current account . 	labels: Certainly . May I see your social security and your ID Please . 
text: Here your are . I wonder how much interest can I earn for my current account . 	labels: Oh . Current account don ’ t pay our interest . 
text: Why is that ? 	labels: It ’ s primarily design for business transactions . That is write checks to pay the bills , buying things and sending money . We won ’ t expect a large amount of deposit in current account . 	episode_done:True
text:I was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting . 	labels: I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers . 
text: The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow . 	labels: Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation . 
text: Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts . 	labels: Can you ride a horse ? 
text: Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ? 	labels: I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Some friends of mine are going to visit me this evening . Would you please buy some fruit for me ? 
text: Yes , sir . Do you need some flowers ? 	labels: That's a good idea . Can you help me to get some ? 
text: Certainly , sir . What kind of flowers would you like ? 	labels: A basket of lilies . 
text: You need fruit and lilies . Am I right ? 	labels: Right . Here is five hundred yuan in advance . Is it enough ? 
text: I think it's quite enough . I'II have them bought for you as soon as possible . 	labels: Great ! Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text: I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?	labels: White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone ? 	labels: Yes , speaking . Can I help you ? 
text: I am the HR manager of the ABC Company . You are on the list of interviewees . Would you please come over to have an interview ? 	labels: Sure , I'd love to . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome ! 	labels: It's more violent than TV news ! 
text: What time is it anyway ? 	labels: Nine-thirty . 
text: Oh , my God , three hours already ! I have to get the chores done ! 	labels: No time . That's their headlights in the window ! 
text: OK , emergency measures . Let's throw the dishes in the trash ! Two birds with one stone ... 	labels: Little dude , your life is over ! 	episode_done:True
text:Peter , have you seen my purse ? 	labels: No , mom . I haven't seen it . 
text: That's strange . It should be on the desk . 	labels: Mom , did you try the basket on your bicycle ? 	episode_done:True
text:Let's go to Burger Queen for lunch . They have good cheese burgers . 	labels: OK . I am hungry , too . I like their milkshake . They're very creamy and tasty . 
text: Look at the long line , there are always a lot of people waiting in lines just for the cheese burger . It must be very delicious . 	labels: Yup . But , this also means we have to wait to order our food . 
text: Come on . It is worth waiting . Their cheese burgers are really popular . Once you have it , you will love it . 	labels: Well , sounds very attractive . I just tried their vanilla milkshake last time , and it was really delicious . 
text: Yup , they have good French fries as well . Not very thick , but crispy enough . You should try them with some mayonnaise sauce . That is the Belgium style . You will love it . 	labels: OK , I think I know what to order for my lunch now . But , eating too much fried food really makes me fat . 
text: Come on . You just have it once in a while , not every day . It will not harm you . 	labels: That's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry ! 
text: Be patient . Good food never comes fast . 	labels: Ok ! 	episode_done:True
text: Hi Jill. What are you doing today?	labels: Hi Sharon. Today we are doing our annual spring cleaning.
text: What is that?	labels: It's the day we thoroughly clean the whole house. We throw away things we don't need, pack up things to donate, clean all of the rooms, and wash all of the windows.
text: Wow! That's a lot to do.	labels: Yeah. It takes all day.
text: Do your kids help too.	labels: Of course. They look through their closets and toy bins to find clothes and toys to donate or throw away.
text: That's a great idea! But why is it called spring cleaning?	labels: Because it's done in the spring season.
text: I see. I think we're going to start doing this too. Our house is so cluttered.	labels: After we have the things ready for donation, Jim takes them to the local homeless shelter. This makes the house easier to clean.
text: That's great! I'm going to tell my family about this.	labels: Well, I better get started. I have a lot to do. Talk to you later, Sharon.	episode_done:True
text:i got a promotion at work earlier this week.	labels:is that right?	episode_done:True
text:what would you like to see?	labels:oh, i don't care. you're the one who wants to go out.	episode_done:True
text:Why did she do that ? 	labels: I have no idea . It was completely out of the blue . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mary , you have been a secretary for several years in this company . Could you tell me what a secretary should do for a meeting or a conference ? 	labels: Well , an important part of the duties of a secretary , I think , is to do well the preparation work for the meeting . 
text: What should a secretary do to prepare for a meeting ? Can you tell me a bit more about it ? 	labels: First of all , the agenda should be prepared before the meeting . Then you should ensure that those entitled to be present are properly informed . 
text: I see , and how about the documents and the information ? 	labels: All the necessary documents and the information relevant to the meeting should be available , preferably printed and distributed before the meeting . 
text: And what should a secretary do during the meeting ? 	labels: Of course , she should take minutes . 
text: And after the meeting ? 	labels: After the meeting she should type the minutes up , and then keep proper records of the business transacted and the resolutions passed and also implement many of the decision reached at the meeting . 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to eat , sir ? 	labels: Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea . 
text: Would you care for some lemon for your tea ? 	labels: No , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:what are you watching on the telly ? 	labels: there's a great sitcom on Channel 3 that stars in about three minutes . 
text: which one is that ? 	labels: the office . Have you watched it ? 
text: I've seen the British version and loved it , but have never seen the American version . 	labels: it's almost exactly the same . I think it's a hilarious show . 
text: what are you watching now ? 	labels: they're just showing highlights of American Idol from last night right now . 
text: I can't stand American Idol ! I think it's really over-rated . 	labels: I couldn't agree with you more . 
text: have you got satellite , cable , or digital TV ? 	labels: we have digital TV . It's amazing though---even with 100 channels , there's often nothing on that I'd want to watch ! 
text: do you watch a lot of TV then ? 	labels: I guess so . I'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ? 
text: I don't have a TV at home , so I rarely watch anything . Is there anything worth watching after the office ? 	labels: there's actually a documentary on the history channel later on that I'd like to watch . Do you want to stay and watch it with me ? 	episode_done:True
text:I like double-breasted garment with no belt.Could you show me some ? 	labels: Here you are.Which size do you wear ? 
text: Medium.May I try it on ? 	labels: Of course.You look terrific in it ! 	episode_done:True
text: Selvam, what is your favorite food?	labels: My favorite fruit is grapes.
text: Grapes. 	labels: Yeah.
text: Oh, really! 	labels: Yes.
text: OK. Do you like wine? Do you drink wine?	labels: No, no, I don't drink anything, but I like grapes, the taste is very good. 
text: Do you like...?	labels: It's very sweet that's why I like them.
text: Do you like green grapes or purple grapes?	labels: Green, Green grapes.
text: Green grapes. 	labels: Yeah.
text: OK, are there many grapes around your hometown in India?	labels: Yes, yeah. We have, I used to eat everyday grapes, because I like them very much that's.
text: OK, actually in my home in America we have many grapes where I live also.	labels: Oh. 
text: Yeah, and how about what is your favorite season?	labels: My favorite season is winter. 
text: Winter.	labels: Yeah, because in India, most of the days will be summer. Winter will come for only two months. That's why we love winter season.
text: Really?	labels: Yeah, it is very summer, very hot. That's why people are very black as a reason. 
text: You like the cool, cool weather. 	labels: Yes.	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Give me a six-piece chicken nuggets , a large fry and a large Coke . 
text: You need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the flyer . 	labels: That's fine . 
text: Your total comes to $ 7 . 	labels: Here's a twenty note . 
text: Thank you . Your cash back is $ 13 . Pull into a parking space . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you really dating with Frank ? 	labels: Yeah . But in my heart of hearts , I find he ’ s not very much to my liking . 
text: Then why not keep away from him ? 	labels: The problem is that I just have no one to turn to right now . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . 	labels: Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! 
text: Actually , uh , I made it myself ... 	labels: You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ... 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , police office ? 	labels: Yes , May I help you ? 
text: Yes , I'd like to report a case . Somebody broke into my house . 	labels: When did that happen ? 
text: It happened in the morning . I just came home from work and found the lock broken . 	labels: Is anything lost ? 
text: I don't know . I called the police as soon as I found the lock broken . 	labels: OK , we will send some men as soon as possible . 
text: Please be quick . 	labels: OK , we will . What's your name and address ? 
text: My name is Benjamin , and I live in Broad-Gate Street 2101 . 	labels: OK , got it . Please don't worry sir . We will be there soon . 	episode_done:True
text:what's the rush?	labels:i have to get off the phone now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello again . What can I do for you today ? 	labels: Yes , I'm back ! It's nice to see you again . I'm here about those documents . 
text: Ah yes , the ones from Sapporo we were dealing with yesterday ? 	labels: That's right . I had a phone call asking me to come back in , about rejecting them ? 
text: Well , we were contacted by your manager and he said ... 	labels: Yes , we talked about it and thought it was better and significantly quicker to ask the company to pay a Discrepancy Fee . 
text: The customer got back to us this morning and they have agreed to pay a Discrepancy Fee of 100 US dollars . 	labels: That's wonderful news ! I'm glad we decided to rethink our actions ; it's all turned out for the best this way . Thank you for helping us to fix that little problem . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr Hughes ? Do you have a minute ? I would like to discuss something with you . 	labels: What can I do for you ? 
text: I was wondering , I have heard many of my co-wokers that your knowledge and experience in international markets is phenomenal . Also , I ’ Ve heard the rumor that you speak fluent Japanese . Is that right ? 	labels: Yes , that ’ s right . I do speak decent Japanese . 
text: Right now I ’ m working on a product launch project to open up our Asian market . We have several upcoming events to take place for the Japanese cities . We ’ ll be heading to Tokyo next month to get things started . What I would like to talk to you about is joining our team to help bring this project to completion . 	labels: Exactly what kind of help did you have in mind ? 
text: We aer looking for someone who is familiar with the market and cultural issues to act as an advisor to our marketing staff . We would like to set up a partnership , where we can help each other . 	labels: So if I can help you as a consultant , what is in for me ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , are you Catherine ? 	labels: Yes , Jason , right ? Nice to meet you . Welcome to Taiwan . 
text: Thanks , good to meet you , too . 	labels: You had a long flight , you must be tired . 
text: Yes , and the food was horrible ! 	labels: Oh , sorry to hear that . But , don worry ! Taiwan has plenty of great things to eat . First , lets get you to the hotel . 
text: Great ! How will we be getting there ? 	labels: My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Helen ! how is it going ? 	labels: I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work . 
text: Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you . 	labels: I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now . 
text: Why don't you take a few days off ? 	labels: I can't . I am really behind of my work . 	episode_done:True
text:We have settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now I am calling to talk about the terms of payment . What are your terms of payment ? 	labels: Well . We only accept the payment to be made by confirmed and irrevocable L \ C , payable against shipping documents . 
text: I see . Payment by LC is the safest method , but could you make an exception and accept DA or DP ? 	labels: I'm afraid not . That is our usual practice , because we are sure we will get the right amount of money that way . 
text: What about the cost of delivery ? 	labels: We would like to do it in accordance with an F . O . B . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: I have a camera and three bottles of whisky . 
text: OK . You'll have to pay duty for the whisky . 	labels: Well , where shall I pay the duty for the whisky ? 
text: Please wait a moment . I'll make out the duty memo . Here you are . Take this and pay the people over there . 	labels: I've paid the duty . Here is the receipt 
text: Very well . I hope you'll enjoy your stay in China . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas , Lily . 	labels: The same to you , Joey . 
text: This is your first Christmas in the US . Here is the gift for you . 	labels: It's very thoughtful of you . Wow , it is so beautiful . Could you tell me how American people celebrate Christmas ? 	episode_done:True
text:You talked like the Terminator for two months ? Wow , I think you liked that movie even more than I liked ' Titanic . ' Why did you like ' Terminator ' so much ? 	labels: Well , ' Terminator ' is a really great action movie , and I like action movies because they're exciting . 
text: Isn't ' Terminator ' really violent ? I usually don't like gory movies because they gross me out . 	labels: It is pretty violent , but since it's just robots fighting one another , it isn't very bloody and so it won't gross you out . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Jenny . Are you going to school now ? 	labels: Yup . I have English at 9 in the morning . 
text: Got any plans after the class ? 	labels: Not really . What about you ? 
text: We will have our midterm exams next month . I plan to look for some important books and study at the library . Do you want to join me ? 	labels: Sure . I need to return some books . They are due today . Besides , I can also read some weekly publications , magazines and newspapers . 
text: Great . We can go to the swimming pool in the gymnasium after that . 	labels: That sounds like a good idea . We can chill out a little in such a hot summer . Are you good at swimming ? 
text: Well , that's a good question . I haven't swum for almost two years . I think I need more practice . 	labels: Oh , it's almost 9 . I need to hurry . I am running late now . See you after class in front of the library then . Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:I love the peaceful life in Canada . 	labels: Do you want to live here ? 
text: I'd like to , but I'm afraid I can't afford the life here . 	labels: The more you work , the more you earn . 	episode_done:True
text:thank you.	labels:i'm so happy for you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? This is Steven . I'd like to speak to Mr . Brown , please . 	labels: I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . 
text: Then what time do you think he will be in ? 	labels: I suppose he won't come back until 6 p . m . By the way , do you want to call later , or would you like to leave a message ? 
text: I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he returns . He has my number . 	labels: Okay , I'll do that . 
text: Thank you . Bye-bye ! 	labels: You're welcome , bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . How can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to open a new account . 
text: Have you filled out an application form ? 	labels: Yes . And I've brought some documents along with me , too . Do you need to see my passport ? 
text: Yes . I'll just have my assistant look over these quickly and then we'll move on to the next step . Did you want to open up a checking account and a savings account ? 	labels: Yes . Does the checking account come with a debit card ? 
text: Yes . Actually , both accounts come with cards that you can use in ATM machines , so that you won't have to come in to the bank to make a transaction . 	labels: That's very convenient . 
text: It is . Our customers really like it . Do you have any other questions about your new accounts ? 	labels: Yes . What's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft ? 
text: The maximum is $ 1000 . 	labels: Is there a penalty for having an overdraft ? 
text: Yes , but it's not much . You just have to pay 1 % interest on the account . It's much lower rate than any of our loans and it's much better than owing money to most credit cards . 	labels: That's true . Is everything alright with my documents ? 
text: They're all in order . If you just sign your name here , you'll receive your cards and pin numbers in the mail in about three weeks . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:it was new in 2003.	labels:so, it's pretty old now.	episode_done:True
text: I feel so bad for Mary.	labels: Me too. I can't believe her husband died. They were married for a long time.
text: I know. What is she going to do now?	labels: I don't know. Does she have any children?
text: No, I don't think they had any children.	labels: How about other family members?
text: I think she had one sister, but she passed away several years ago.	labels: So, she's all alone now?
text: Yeah. Isn't that sad?	labels: Yes, it is very sad.
text: She is always so nice to everyone. I think we should all get together and do something nice for her.	labels: I like that idea. What should we do?
text: Let's take turns helping her around the house?	labels: Great idea! We can take care of her yard, help clean her house, and bring her meals.	episode_done:True
text:i can't remember jokes.	labels:neither can i.	episode_done:True
text:no.	labels:how do you know?	episode_done:True
text:but that's what most people do.	labels:yes, i guess most of us are stuck in a routine.	episode_done:True
text:A ticket to London , please . 	labels: A cheap day return ticket ? 
text: Yes , including London Tube . 	labels: That'll be twelve pounds . 	episode_done:True
text:what do you mean?	labels:i mean, keep your belongings close to you.	episode_done:True
text:Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious ! 	labels: I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit ! 
text: But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you ! 	labels: Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles ! 
text: What kind of power struggles are you talking about ? 	labels: Basically , I think Tim is threatened by me . I'm doing a better job than he is so he's trying to sabotage my career ! 
text: So he talks about you behind your back ? 	labels: Yes . He's all nice and friendly to my face . But the second I turn around he stabs me in the back ! 
text: I had a worker like that once . She was always taking credit for my ideas . 	labels: I should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary I can prove it was my effort . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday . 	labels: Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? 
text: If you are free , maybe you can get having for my birthday party , it should be fun . 	labels: Sounds great , i ' d very much like having something thanks , when ? 
text: Around six pm . 	labels: Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . 
text: No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer . 	labels: Ok , I will see you again . 	episode_done:True
text:Harry was angry last night . 	labels: That's because he's getting nervous . Anyway , this is the first time he's directed a play . 
text: But he used to be very relaxed and cheerful . It's not like Harry to do a thing like that . 	labels: Yes , you're right . Maybe there's any other reason . 	episode_done:True
text:Here's the schedule we've prepared . 	labels: Oh , thank you . 
text: Do you mind if we talk about your schedule tomorrow ? 	labels: That will be best . I'd like to have a good rest first . 
text: And this is the schedule for Mrs . Watson . Eileen from our department will take care of her . 	labels: Ok . Shall we discuss the schedule in the lobby ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'm very annoyed at your disobedience . 	labels: But mum , I didn't mess it up . 
text: You should have asked for my opinion before you did it . 	labels: Sorry , mum . I won't do it again . 	episode_done:True
text:We can't wait any longer ... 	labels: I'm terribly sorry to be so late . I had an article ... 
text: You'll knock yourself out the way you've worked.Why don't you slow down ? 	labels: I can't afford to . 
text: All right.Now that everybody's here . Shall we be getting started ? Miss Lin , are you ready ? 	labels: Yes , thanks.Before I start , I'd like to thank Professor Smith for all his help in giving me unlimited access to his research materials . 
text: Excuse me , Miss Lin.Would you mind speaking up , please ? I can't hear you very well . 	labels: Sorry , I'll try to speak louder . 	episode_done:True
text:What kind would you like to open?	labels:I need a checking account.	episode_done:True
text:what did you wash?	labels:i washed the sheets and towels.	episode_done:True
text:  I really like my work schedule.	labels:  Do you work flexible hours?
text:  Yes.  I can choose my own hours.	labels:  I wish I could work flexible hours.
text:  Why don't you?	labels:  I can't.  I'm in Accounting, so I have to work regular business hours.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like flowers ? 	labels: Of course , I like . 
text: What's your favorite flower ? 	labels: Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival . 
text: Spring is a lively season . 	labels: Yes . How about you ? 
text: I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter . 	labels: You have a perfect taste ! 
text: It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms . 	labels: But it used to be ignored by many people . 
text: The bright people will remember it forever . 	labels: Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing . 	episode_done:True
text:a new hotel is looking for workers.	labels:yes, i saw it on the tv news.	episode_done:True
text: Ah that sucks. At least it’s not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time	labels: Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one - or some similar circumstance?	episode_done:True
text:Honey , I've got good news for you . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: You are going to be a father . 	labels: What ? Do you mean that you are pregnant ? Is it true ? 
text: Yes . We'll have our baby soon . 	labels: Oh , dear , I'm so happy . 	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 	labels: Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . 
text: What are they ? 	labels: They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . 
text: And what is the most important point ? 	labels: You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule . 	episode_done:True
text:i went to see it the day it came out.	labels:i was laughing through the whole movie.	episode_done:True
text:Where did you go yesterday ? 	labels: I went to play tennis in the public park . 
text: How often do you play tennis ? 	labels: Twice a week . How about you ? 
text: I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball . 	labels: But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together . 
text: I usually play with my schoolmates . 	labels: Do you like watching football matches ? 	episode_done:True
text:that must have made you feel really special.	labels:oh, it did. there were about 300 people there to honor us.	episode_done:True
text:I would like to pick a time to look at houses with you . 	labels: Would mornings or afternoons be best for you ? 
text: It is easier for me to take off work in the afternoon . 	labels: It is best if we can go during the week ; does that work for you ? 
text: Because of work , I can only go look at houses on the weekend . 	labels: Would you like to meet at the real estate office , or should I pick you up at home ? 
text: If you could pick me up at home , that would be great . 	labels: We could spend most of the day looking at houses to see all that we have to see . 
text: That might be a little too much , but we ’ ll see how it goes . 	labels: I will fax you a schedule as soon as I contact the owners to confirm the times . 	episode_done:True
text:I couldn't wait to meet you in person . 	labels: Me , too . I've heard so much about you . 
text: Same here . 	labels: I was looking forward to your arrival . 	episode_done:True
text:How did you get it ? 	labels: I found it a garage sale once . 
text: What a find ! So , how much does it cost ? 	labels: Well , because I like you ... ninety bucks . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me.When ' s the next bus ? 	labels: The next bus will be here in four minutes . 
text: Oh , good.That ' ll be the number forty four ? 	labels: No , it's the number fifty-eight . 
text: So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? 	labels: No , it won't . 
text: So when will it be here then ? 	labels: Never . 
text: Never ? 	labels: That's right.The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more.It ' s stop is round the corner . 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you.Steven.That was the most magnificent meal I've had abroad.You ' ll have to let me reciprocate the next time you're in Beijing . 	labels: Don't worry about it , Lin.That ' s no big deal.You know , Americans appreciate China's rich culinary culture . Just excuse me for a second while I check the number here and figure out how much to give the waiter.Hmm , by the way , what do you do about tipping in China ? 
text: We don't . 	labels: No tipping ? Now that's what I call a civilized system . 
text: At hotels and some restaurants they add a service charge to the bill , but other than that , tipping isn't customary . 	labels: What about cab drivers and porters ? 
text: In a cab you just pay what it says on the meter . I generally tip hotel porters 10 yuan per bag , but in first-class hotels they're instructed not to accept gratuities . 	labels: You'd have a revolution on your hands if you tried to introduce that sort of system here . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m betting the New York Yankees win . How about you ? 	labels: Well , I ’ m favor of the Red Sox . They ’ Ve had a good season . 
text: Sorry , guys . Could I just interrupt for a moment ? My money is on the Yankees ! 	labels: That ’ s not a very good pick . I ’ m against the Yankees . 
text: Hey , Ken . Good luck if you already put your money on the Red Sox . 	labels: Yeah , I ’ m with you on that . 	episode_done:True
text:I told you that she is no fool . 	labels: I know she is quite an article , but I was not sure of her ability to cope with a boss . 
text: She cannot get in Dutch with him . He is her boss , you know . 	labels: But most bosses are fools for woman . 	episode_done:True
text:We seem to be lost here . 	labels: Possibly . 
text: I suggest that we go and ask for help from the policeman . 	labels: Not a bit . 	episode_done:True
text:but he's supposed to be making our city a better place.	labels:he's visiting other cities to get ideas.	episode_done:True
text: OK. Ramon, we're going to talk about opposites.	labels: OK.
text: What is big?	labels: The earth is big. 
text: Yeah, I agree. What is small?	labels: I'm small on the earth.
text: That's true. How much do you weigh?	labels: I weigh 65.
text: Wow! 65 kilograms.	labels: Yeah.
text: Yeah, yeah. I'm a little bit heavier, about 72....What is expensive?	labels: A big house is expensive.
text: Yeah, pretty much anywhere. Ooh..loud motorcycle. Sorry! What is small? I mean..I'm sorry..what is cheap?	labels: What is cheap? The 100 Yen shop is cheap.
text: Yeah. What can you buy at a 100 Yen shop?	labels: About everything.
text: Yeah.	labels: Which is good.
text: Do you think 100 Yen shops are a good idea, or do you think they're environmentally a bad idea?	labels: No, I like the 100 Yen shop.
text: Yeah. The cheap stuff. Actually. I do to. It's nice. Alright. Thanks a lot.	labels:you’re welcome!	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Are you a new customer ? 	labels: Yes , I am . I opened an account with you about a month ago , but today I'm here to see about a loan of some kind . 
text: I see . As you don't have a long history with us , we will have to check your credit rating with your previous bank before we can promise any loan to you . 	labels: Yes , that's fine . My credit is good ; I banked at my former bank for many years . 
text: May I ask why you decided to switch your account to us ? 	labels: Haha ! Actually , I felt that your array of services is much better than what my old bank had on offer . Plus , I've got plenty of friends who bank with you and they are extremely happy . 
text: We always welcome new business . If you can give me the details of your former bank , including your account number we can begin . 	labels: I have everything right here . I'll let you go through that and come back . I'd like to have a good read of your materials to make sure I make the right choice . 	episode_done:True
text:Dave , wake up . 	labels: Which ? Zina ? What time is it ? 
text: It's seven-thirty . I want to know who left this note on my desk . 	labels: What note ? I can't see . I just pulled an all-nighter . 
text: It's a little green post-it note , stuck right in the middle of my computer screen . 	labels: And ? What does it say ? Isn't there a name ? 	episode_done:True
text: I need to fly to New York.	labels: When are you going?
text: During the Christmas holidays.	labels: You'd better buy your ticket now.
text: You must be kidding.	labels: No, I'm not. It's March. Time is running out. Seats are selling out right now.
text: I thought I would wait until October.	labels: I'll bet this is the first time you've ever flown during Christmas.
text: You're right.	labels: Well, listen to me. You need to buy a ticket now.
text: But maybe prices will be cheaper in October.	labels: Cheaper prices won't do you any good if there are no seats.	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection . 	labels: There ’ s so much I want to do . I ’ Ve just finished sending lots of emails to friends and family all over the world . I just ran a search for music to download . 
text: I can give you the name of a few useful website to visit . 	labels: Thanks . That would be very helpful . I ’ Ve discovered that it can take a long time to find exactly what you want . There ’ s too much information on the net . 
text: When you sent your emails , did you attach any files to them ? 	labels: Yes , I did . There ’ s an anti-virus program with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ’ m sure I haven ’ t sent anything nasty to anyone . 
text: When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email from companies trying to sell you things . 	labels: That ’ s good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number . 
text: That ’ s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time you want to visit . 	labels: How do I do that ? 
text: Take this web page for example . Press the keys “ control ” and “ d ” together . Click on “ favourites ” at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will automatically go to that web page again . 	labels: That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee . 	episode_done:True
text:of course. did you?	labels:i didn't want to, so i didn't.	episode_done:True
text:and there was no violence.	labels:people today don't like that.	episode_done:True
text:Mike ! Look at the floor ! 	labels: What's wrong with it ? 
text: What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! 	labels: Oh ... 
text: It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . 	labels: Sorry , love . 
text: What are you looking for now ? 	labels: My cigarettes . 
text: Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin . 	labels: In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ? 	episode_done:True
text:i certainly hope not!	labels:if you got laid off, you'd be flipping hamburgers, too.	episode_done:True
text:Mike , shall we book two tickets online ? 	labels: Fine . Shanghai and Beijing are thousands of miles away . How about bullet train ? Faster and relatively cheap , I think . 
text: Yeah . How many tickets remain ? 	labels: Oh , what a shame . Only sleeping cars have tickets . Others are all out of stock . The price of the sleeping car is almost the same as the airplane.You see , the discount plane tickets are no more than 500 yuan . A good deal , isn't it ? 	episode_done:True
text:I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ? 	labels: He appeals to the fans thanks to two things 
text: You mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks . 	labels: Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts.However , a few free kicks often make everything different , especially scoring one such goal in the nick of time . 
text: In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls . 	labels: Yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout . 	episode_done:True
text:Dad , you keep talking about family in New Zealand . Who are they ? 	labels: Well , that's your uncle Bill , his wife and two of their daughters . 
text: Is uncle Bill your brother ? 	labels: No , your uncle Jack is my brother , Bill is my brother-in-law , your mom's brother . 
text: So his two daughters are my cousins ? 	labels: That's right , Sarah and Jane are both your cousins although they are step-sisters . 
text: What are step-sisters ? 	labels: Sarah is your uncle Bill's older daughter . When she was young , Bill's first wife , Sarah's mom died . Three years later Bill married again . 
text: So uncle Bill's wife is Jane's mother but not Sarah's mother . Right ? 	labels: Yes . She is Sarah's step-mother . 
text: And when are they coming to visit us ? 	labels: They want to travel to Europe next year , and will visit us at the same Ae . 	episode_done:True
text:Daniel , I can't catch up with the English teacher very well . 	labels: What's the problem ? 
text: You are quite good at English , can you help me with it . 	labels: That's OK . But you'd better take an additional course in some English schools . 
text: English school ? What is that ? 	labels: This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their English . 
text: Is that different from our school's English course ? 	labels: Yes , before you start your training , they will test you on your English first . 	episode_done:True
text: My laptop is so slow.	labels: Buy a new one.
text: I would if I had the money.	labels: Why is it so slow?
text: That's a good question.	labels: Did you take it to a computer shop?
text: I would if I had the money.	labels: Well, I guess you have to live with it.
text: Sometimes I want to throw it out the window.	labels: You don't want to do that.
text: Why not?	labels: You might hit someone in the head.	episode_done:True
text:Can you name some festivals of religious nature ? 	labels: Yes , such as Christmas and Easter . 
text: What about historic festivals ? 	labels: Thanksgiving Day , Independence Day . 	episode_done:True
text:Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . 	labels: Do you have anything to declare ? 
text: No , these are all my personal effects . 	labels: What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? 
text: Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable.Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ? 	labels: NO.You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Lucy . What are you going to do this weekend ? 	labels: I have no idea yet . Do you have any suggestions ? 
text: Would you like to play tennis with me ? 	labels: I'd like to . 
text: Be sure to get to the sports hall at nine o'clock on Sunday morning . 	labels: OK , will do ! 	episode_done:True
text:Is Tom in ? 	labels: Wrong number . 
text: Isn't this Li's residence ? 	labels: No , it is not . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I am looking for a woman named Mia . 	labels: I think I am who you are looking for . You have got to be Rubin . 
text: That would be me ! 	labels: Rubin ! Karen and Mike have spoken about you so often that I feel like I've met you before . 
text: I hope that what they had to say was mostly good ! 	labels: They only said wonderful things about you . You did a good job of finding me . 
text: Finding the beautiful woman in a red dress next to the fountain wasn't all that hard . 	labels: Yes , I guess it was a choice of me or the pigeons ! 
text: I was hoping that we could take a walk down the street to my favorite cafe . 	labels: Lunch sounds great ! Let's head on out ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , professor . I need to go home now . 	labels: Is everything OK ? 
text: I just feel funny . 	labels: What exactly seems to be the matter ? 
text: I have a terrible headache . 	labels: Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center ? 
text: I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there . 	labels: Do you need someone to drive you home ? 
text: Thank you , but the bus stops right at my house . 	labels: Well , go home and rest up . Make sure you check the website for your assignments . 	episode_done:True
text:The music has started . 	labels: How do you like this waltz ? 
text: It's very nice . 	labels: May I ask you for a dance ? 
text: Certainly . 	labels: You are doing the waltz wonderfully well . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Can I sit here ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: By the way , I'm Robin . 	labels: Hi . My name is Jessica . 
text: Nice to meet you . 	labels: Pleased to meet you too . And where are you from , Robin ? 
text: I'm from Kathmandu . What about you ? 	labels: I'm from New York . Oh , this is my stop . Bye , Robin . 	episode_done:True
text:Steve , when are you going back to America ? 	labels: Next week . 	episode_done:True
text:That is the most boring , typical gift in the world ! 	labels: I know . But this year I want to get him an interesting tie . Like this one . 
text: That's not exactly a conversation piece . It's so plain . 	labels: It's perfect ! It's a Dilbert tie ! 
text: The diagonal black and red stripes are really conservative though ... 	labels: But watch this ... it bends upwards , just like Dilbert's tie . There's a wire inside . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , is this Rich ? 	labels: Yeah , who ’ s calling ? 
text: It ’ s Alex ... Have I got some great news ! We got the Baker account . It ’ s all ours ! 	labels: Fantastic ! I can ’ t believe it ! That ’ s the biggest account we ’ Ve gotten so far ! 	episode_done:True
text: Let's have another backyard barbeque this weekend.	labels: Ok. That sounds fun. Should we invite some friends?
text: Yeah, let's invite a few couples.	labels: OK. But we should buy some mosquito repellent this time.
text: That's a good idea!	labels: Do you remember what happened last time?
text: Yeah. Everyone was bitten by mosquitoes.	labels: It was awful. We were itchy for days.
text: We used so much anti-itch cream.	labels: I think there are special candles that keep mosquitoes away. I saw a commercial for it a couple of days ago.
text: Let's get those.	labels: Ok, I'll put it on the shopping list for the barbeque.
text: Do you think our friends will come back to our party?	labels: We'll have to tell them we have mosquito repellent this time.
text: Mosquitoes are such pests. And, they carry diseases too.	labels: I know. Now I feel like having an indoor party.	episode_done:True
text:do you like animals ? I really like dogs . 	labels: so do i . I don ’ t like cats . 
text: why ? I think cats are ok . 	labels: I can ’ t bear being near cats . They don ’ t seem to like me either . 
text: I like wild animals . I don ’ t like spiders and snakes . I think spiders and snakes are disgusting . 	labels: I ’ m fond of snakes . I think they ’ re great . I agree with you about spiders though . I think spiders are horrible . I think it ’ s because they have so many legs . 
text: I think bears are wonderful . Pandas are fantastic . I low the people who kill them for their fur . 	labels: I agree . I ’ m carry about mice . I think they ’ re so cute ! 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like for dessert ? 	labels: What do you have ? 
text: I have apple pie , ice cream , chocolate cake and fruit cocktail . 	labels: Can I have apple pie with ice cream ? 
text: Of course . I made apple pie this morning , so it ’ s lovely and fresh . 	labels: I love you home made apple pie . It ’ s delicious . Can I have another glass of lemonade as well ? 
text: Sure . Can you get it yourself ? It ’ s in the refrigerator . 	labels: Ok . Would you like a drink too ? 
text: Yes . I ’ ll have an ice tea . You ’ ll see it next to the lemonade . 	labels: Are you having any dessert ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi . My minibar is empty . 	labels: You already finished off everything , sir ? 
text: I finished off everything . 	labels: Would you like anything in particular ? 
text: The Perrier and the Jim Beam . Let me have three more of each . 	labels: Beam and Perrier . Anything else , sir ? 
text: I really loved the apples in my room . Bring me a few more , please . 	labels: Sure thing . Might there by anything else ? 
text: Oh , yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too . 	labels: Perrier , Jim Beam , apples , and grape juice . It will all be there shortly , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:How's business ? 	labels: Couldn't be better . 	episode_done:True
text: Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:It is too bad today . 	labels: What happened ? 
text: My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it . 	labels: How did you find him at last ? 
text: It was the police wo helped me to do that . 	labels: It must have taught you a lesson this time . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , look at those earrings , Maria . They're perfect for you . 	labels: These red ones ? I'm not sure . 
text: No , the yellow ones . 	labels: Oh , these ? Hmm ... Yellow isn't a good color for me . 
text: Well , that necklace isn't bad . 	labels: Which one ? 
text: That blue one right there . How much is it ? 	labels: It's $ 42 ! ! That's expensive ! 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever been to Japan ? I'm going in the fall . 	labels: Yeah , I've been there twice . 
text: Really ? Tell me about it . What's it like ? 	labels: Oh , it's fantastic . 
text: Where did you go ? 	labels: On my first trip I went to Tokyo , and on my second trip I visited Kyoto . 
text: What did you think of Tokyo ? 	labels: Very big and exciting , but very crowded , too . 
text: Yeah . I've seen pictures of the crowds ! 	labels: And the restaurant are excellent ... but they're kind of expensive . 
text: And how about Kyoto ? 	labels: Kyoto is lovely . It's full of beautiful old temples and gardens.It ' s a very historic city . 
text: How was the weather ? 	labels: I was in Tokyo in August , and it was really hot and humid . I went to Kyoto in October.It was hot and sunny , but there was no humidity . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Can you recommend some popular tour ? 
text: How long is your journey ? 	labels: Two weeks and I would like to go abroad . 
text: The popular tour of the season is a 14 - days ' sightseeing to Venice . Are you interested in that city ? 	labels: Yes , of course . I will book the tour . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are ? 	labels: Right over here , sir . What-size do you wear ? 
text: Medium . 	labels: These here are all mediums . 
text: Thank you . I think I'll take this one , and these pants as well . They're presents for a friend . 	labels: Shall I gift-wrap them for you , sir ? 	episode_done:True
text:It's time to go . Are you ready ? 	labels: Almost . Let me get my bag . 	episode_done:True
text:it's not too much, only about $85.	labels:plus installation?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Passport , please . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection . 	labels: Ok.But is there anything wrong ? 
text: It's just a regular inspection.Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift . 
text: Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one . 	labels: Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ? 
text: Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are.Take this and pay to the woman over there . 	labels: I've paid for it . Here's the receipt . 
text: Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: Do you have any blue shirts ? 
text: Yes . What's your size ? 	labels: I'm not familiar with American size . 
text: All right . Let me see . I think you'd wear a size 8 . This shirt is size 8 . 	labels: It's pretty . May I try it on ? 
text: Sure . The fitting room is over there . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I want to get a snack at the cafeteria . 	labels: What are you going to buy ? 
text: I may just get some chips . 	labels: I'm probably going to buy something too . 
text: What do you want to get ? 	labels: I want some sort of candy . 
text: What kind do you want ? 	labels: I want some chocolate . 
text: What kind of chocolate ? 	labels: I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat . 
text: I don't think they sell Kit Kats . 	labels: I'll just get a Snickers then . 	episode_done:True
text: Hello!	labels: How was your party last week?	episode_done:True
text:Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better . 	labels: You did spend too much , and most of the expense was kind of unnecessary . 
text: But I make it . 	labels: No , you don't have to spend every penny you make , you could save some every month , like a lot of other people do . 
text: I work hard so I deserve to enjoy , but that costs money . 	labels: You should save in case of an emergency , you need to have more self-control , what things did you spend money on ? 
text: The problem is that I have no idea . I didn't pay attention . 	labels: Let's bygones be bygones , start saving right now . 	episode_done:True
text:Come on ! It's time to go ! 	labels: Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ? 
text: Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first . 	labels: That won't take long . 
text: Well , it won't if there no line at the pump . 	labels: Well , I'm not quite ready . 
text: I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you ! 	labels: You wouldn't do a thing like that ! 	episode_done:True
text: BRILLIANT. I love it.	labels: All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?	episode_done:True
text:what's wrong with that?	labels:it can be dangerous.	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing now , Steven ? 	labels: I am reading a book about money management . 
text: Oh , my God . Do you want to be a millionaire ? I can see you are very crazy about money . 	labels: Everyone wants to earn a lot of money . Don't you think so ? What's more , I am interested in money management . 
text: No , you are wrong . Money can't buy happiness and health . I won't sacrifice my health in order to get money . In other words , I don't want to be a millionaire and I want to have more free time to enjoy life . 	labels: Oh , I see . But a proverb says " Money makes the mare go . " I think it will be better if you have more money . 
text: Maybe you are right . Please take care of yourself when you make money . Anyway health is the most important thing . 	labels: Thank you for your caring . I will . 	episode_done:True
text:Room service.May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , the food you have just sent here is cool.Would you please heat them up ? 
text: I am sorry for that.We will send someone to your room right now . 	labels: That's fine . Quickly please , we are so hungry . 	episode_done:True
text:Decent dressing and appearance , which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer , are surely quite important . 	labels: Of course . Generally speaking , dressing should be tidy and neat , and match well with your identity , age , and experience . 
text: Whatever you wear , it should perfectly reflect your confidence and vitality 	labels: Professional suits may be the best choice . 
text: Gentlemen should wear western-style suits in the interview , which will help you look handsome . 	labels: Ladies should wear professional suits , either classical style or free style . It would be appropriate to wear a little or no make-up . 
text: But those fashionable and shiny clothes should be avoided . 	labels: Name brand is not necessary . Anything decent will be fine . 
text: You should present the best of yourself in order to achieve success in the interview . 	labels: Only when you dressing keep in accordance with that of other people around can you feel harmonious and relaxed . 
text: In a word , dressing and appearance are indeed important , but it should never be all . 	labels: In other words , too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials . 	episode_done:True
text:David , why don't you clean your room ? 	labels: I am not in the mood . 
text: Why are you feeling depress ? 	labels: I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown . 
text: I don't think she would do such a thing . 	labels: But she did and it made me disappointed . 
text: Oh , cheer up ! A girlfriend is not everything . 	labels: But she means a lot to me . 
text: Then forgive her mistake . 	labels: Oh , I just can't forget it . 	episode_done:True
text:So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet . 	labels: And you ’ re going to completely transform your eating habits , right ? 
text: Exactly ! I ’ m going to cut out all that junk I eat . no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food . 	labels: I ’ Ve heard this one before . 
text: But this time I ’ m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ’ m going to be a new man in one year ’ s time ! 	labels: Well , I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box . 	labels: I ’ m afraid not . Don ’ t you see I ’ m looking up a word in the dictionary ? 
text: I think you are flicking through it . 	labels: Well , wait a minute . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like a cigarette ? 	labels: No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . 
text: Really ? Why ? 	labels: Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . 
text: I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? 	labels: That's right . You should give it up , too . It's bad for your health . 
text: Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . 	labels: But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! 
text: What do you mean ? What are you talking about ? 	labels: I mean you couldn't give it up ! 
text: Who ? Me ? Could't give up smoking ? Nonsense ! Of course I could ! I know I could ! 	labels: How do you know ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Tina , it's Joe . 	labels: Hi , Joe . 
text: What's the weather like there today ? 	labels: It's really cold . It snowed all day and the school closed early . 
text: What's the temperature ? 	labels: It's 20 degrees below zero now . It was even colder this morning . 
text: Have you heard what the weather is going to be like tomorrow ? 	labels: I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it's probably going to snow tomorrow . 
text: I really don't like the winter . I wish it were summer . 	labels: Me too . How's the weather where you are ? 	episode_done:True
text:yes. when we landed, tv reporters and the army band were there.	labels:that must have made you feel really special.	episode_done:True
text:I'm going to miss you. 	labels:Me too.I'll text you every so often.	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about teaching my friend how to read ? 	labels: How old is your friend and why doesn't he know how to read ? 
text: He's 78 and he's a new emigrant from South America and he's never been to school . 	labels: Does he even know how to speak English ? 
text: No . But I thought that you could start with reading and then go from there . 	labels: That was very thoughtful of you to volunteer me . 
text: Come on . You're great at teaching and I know you will love him . He's adorable ! 	labels: Oh , all right . Have him come over here for dinner . But you get to make dinner ! 	episode_done:True
text:What's the bonus like at your company ? 	labels: Well , it's OK , I suppose . We get about the equivalent of six months ' salary . 
text: Six months ' salary ? Are you serious ? That's incredible ! 	labels: Maybe . But you'd be amazed at how little's left after the credit companies have deducted their share from my account . 
text: Hey , I know what that's like . I bought a BMW on my Visa card . Now the payments really hurt . 	labels: Well , you're lucky that you're still able to make your payments . I missed a credit payment last month . Now my bank account's overdrawn , and the company is threatening to take back my purchases . 
text: What did you buy ? 	labels: A new home health monitor . 
text: Health Monitor ? I read an article about that racket.They ' re overpriced to begin with ! Listen , if I were you , I'd let them take back their monitor and spend my money on something more practical . 	labels: You're kidding ! 
text: No joke ! 	labels: That's something else ! Maybe I'll return it to them . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy . There are some figures I want to check . 	labels: Here is the copy . Do you need anything else ? 
text: Yes , I also need all the letters we received from them . 	labels: Do you mean all the sales letters from them ? 
text: Yes , that ’ s right . 	labels: I ’ ll get them for you at once . And could I file the report for you ? 
text: Yes , but I need the report copied on transparency paper . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:How's your new car ? 	labels: Perfect ! Couldn't be better . 
text: You made a good choice , then ? 	labels: It's just what I want . 
text: No regrets ? 	labels: I am really pleased with it . 
text: I am glad you are happy . 	labels: It's super . 	episode_done:True
text:so do i.	labels:let's go to your home.	episode_done:True
text:Be quick . Put our bags in the deposit box . 	labels: We got a problem . The deposit boxes are all full . We should have come earlier . 
text: I told you to hurry up a thousand times . You just put a deaf ear to it . 	labels: Did you ? I didn't hear you . It was too noisy . 
text: I surely did ! Ask the customer service counter if we can deposit our stuff there . 	labels: They say we can't . They don't look after customers ' stuff . 
text: It's all your fault ! Now we can't get in shopping . 	labels: OK , it's my fault . I'll stay here and look after our stuff . You can get in , shopping with Daniel and May . 
text: That sounds like a good idea ! 	labels: Hey , don't forget to buy a suit for me . 
text: What color do you want ? 	labels: Black , of course . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ? 	labels: I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak . 
text: Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! 	labels: What ’ s wrong ? 
text: I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! 	labels: Maybe it ’ s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ’ t be sure until I see a doctor . 
text: Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult ! 	labels: Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath . 	episode_done:True
text:A guy in my office got the flu the other day . Today I seem to have come down with it , too . 	labels: Very likely . You have a slight fever . Do you have a headache , too ? 
text: Yes . I wonder if you could do something to help me recover soon , because I'll be on a business trip in two days . 	labels: Well , you have to let your flu run its course . You must stop working and stay in bed to get plenty of rest . Usually it will take 4 to 6 days to make a full recovery . 
text: But I'm going on a business trip in two days ! 	labels: Maybe you'll have to cancel it or postpone it . If you go out while you are sick , it won't help you recover . You may even pass your disease on to others . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning ! Welcome to our bank ! How may I help you ? 	labels: Good morning ! I'm Steven Smith . I want to open an account here . 
text: OK ! Come this way please . You should fill a form here first . Here you are . 	labels: Thank you very much ! And then what ? 
text: If you don't mind , Mr . Smith , please go to counter number six to queue up and wait for the service . 	labels: OK ! Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:but, mom, i'm not dirty.	labels:you need a bath every day.	episode_done:True
text:What do you feel like having?	labels:I want some chicken and potatoes.	episode_done:True
text: Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!	labels: what did you do here?	episode_done:True
text:What do you mean?	labels:I mean, it's just coffee.	episode_done:True
text:How are you , Kim ? I haven ’ t seen you around for a few days . 	labels: Oh , I was out sick most of last week . I ’ m still not completely over it . You ’ d better not get too close ! 
text: I ’ m sorry to hear about that . Why don ’ t you join me for a hot cup of tea ? It ’ ll be good for you ! 	labels: Sure , why not ? I could use a rest . 	episode_done:True
text:And the cover is great ! The colors are brilliant ! 	labels: Give me a break . You don't care about the colors . You just like the hot babe on the cover . 
text: OK , you got me . So , do you have a subscription ? 	labels: Of course . I'm currently the subscriber of 10 different fashion magazines . 
text: So what do you do with all the out-dated issues ? 	labels: I guess I'm lending them to you ... 	episode_done:True
text:It's quiet everywhere in winter . 	labels: Yes . I like winter . 
text: Me too . 	labels: It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ? 
text: That's a good idea . Let's go ! 	labels: What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen . 
text: Take care ! Don't slip on the ground . 	labels: I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice . 
text: Yes . Very wonderful . 	labels: There is a snowman over there . 	episode_done:True
text:really? i got mine from her this morning.	labels:i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.	episode_done:True
text:Don ’ t be angry with them . After all , they are still children . 	labels: But I am still worry about them . I ’ m afraid ... 
text: If I were you , I would not put crime in their doing these thing . We should encourage our children to do what they like , so long as they are not far off track . 	labels: Well , I won ’ t put a crime into their doings . 	episode_done:True
text:My mother bought me a new video game . 	labels: What's it like ? 
text: Well , the hero is a Super Warrior . He has to fight the bad guys to find the treasure . 	labels: Who are the bad guys ? 
text: There are a lot ! Two really bad ones are Giant Monster and Human Spider . 	labels: Wow ! Where's the treasure ? 
text: It's in a dungeon , under a castle . 	labels: How do you find it ? 
text: It's not easy to find . Anyway , you can come to my home after school today and try . 	labels: Great ! 	episode_done:True
text:I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years , can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us ? 	labels: Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge.Your firm is a young organisation with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in an expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for . 
text: Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? 	labels: I have excellent communication skills and I am familiar with the procedures for the last company I worked for . Besides , I am a team player and have great interpersonal skills . 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for calling ABC Company , may I help you ? 	labels: I ’ m Liu Yi . I ’ d like to speak to Mr . Smith . 
text: Sorry , we have two Smiths , Robert Smith and James Smith , which one would you like to speak to ? 	labels: I ’ d like to speak with Mr . Robert Smith . 	episode_done:True
text: That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!	labels: ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?	episode_done:True
text:What a terrible house ! 	labels: I'm sick of it , too . 
text: The door bell doesn't work , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart . 	labels: It's no use complaining . If we had got enough money , we couldn't put up with it , and would have moved out . 	episode_done:True
text:look! he just got out of the car and started running.	labels:i hope the police catch him.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , my name is Ted , what's yours ? 	labels: What ? 
text: I said , I'm Ted , who are you ? 	labels: Huh ? Oh , my name is Laura . 
text: Do you come here often , Laura ? 	labels: Huh ? I can't hear you , the music's too loud . 
text: Let's go outside and talk . So Laura , do you come here often ? 	labels: Hold on , my ears are still ringing from the music ... what was it you asked me ? 
text: I asked if you come here often . 	labels: Sometimes , usually once every few weeks . Do you ? 
text: No , this is my first time here . 	labels: I usually come with a group of friends . We dance a little , have a few drinks , and just have a good time . 
text: Yeah , that's why I'm here . My friends dragged me here , because they think I spend too much time studying . 	labels: That's good . It's good to hit the books , but you need to get out once in a while . 	episode_done:True
text:I haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him . 	labels: Why don't you find someone who is in the know . 
text: I'm just thinking about that , but the trouble is , I don't know who is well in the know . 	labels: Did you ask his former secretary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , honey . You came . I'm so glad ! Why are you wearing a bonnet ? 	labels: Uh , just for fun . Happy Easter , Mom . We got you these Easter lilies . 
text: They're beautiful . Taylor , you're so pale and skinny ! 	labels: Of course I'm pale . It's just now the beginning of spring . I don't have my summer tan yet . 
text: I guess . Are you sure you're taking care of yourself ? 	labels: I'm fine , Mom . Remember Holly ? This is her roommate , Yi-jun .. 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir ? I just need a little bit more information . Could you tell me your telephone number and mailing address ? 	labels: Sure . My number is 545-8897 , and I live at 908 Mulbury Street . 
text: That ’ s 545-8897 and your mailing address is 908 Mulbury Street . The zip code is 20310 , right ? 	labels: That ’ s right . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your major in college ? 	labels: I take architecture as my major . 
text: What research are you dealing with now ? 	labels: I am dealing with the study of the architecture style of ancient Chinese buildings . 	episode_done:True
text:We have absolute proof that you committed the crime . 	labels: That's absolutely ridiculous ! 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I am returning these books . 
text: What did you do to this book ? 	labels: I accidentally ripped the cover . 
text: You will need to pay for the damage . 	labels: How much do I need to pay ? 
text: I ’ m going to need $ 5.00 . 	labels: That ’ s not too expensive . 
text: It isn ’ t . 	labels: Here ’ s the $ 5.00 . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: No problem . Have a good one . 	episode_done:True
text:yeah. it's a lot of fun to slide.	labels:i want to be a baseball player when i grow up.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . What can I do for you today , Madam ? 	labels: It's a little sensitive , actually . I need to get hold of some money , and quickly . 
text: OK , Madam . We are here to help . 	labels: I already have some Time Deposits with you , but unfortunately , they haven't matured yet . I really don't want to cash those just yet . 
text: I understand completely . There are other options , such as a Personal Pledge Loan . 	labels: I've not heard of that , could you tell me more , please ? 
text: The procedure is really simple and convenient . All you need to do is fill in this Loan Application form . 	labels: Right ... anything else ? 
text: Of course , we'll need some documentation from you . Like your resident permit , proof of salary and your USD Deposit Certificate , to use as collateral . 	labels: And then I just sign here ? You're right ! It certainly is simple and extremely convenient . 	episode_done:True
text:Here I raise a question for you . Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan . Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite ? 	labels: Firstly , we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes . And then on the day when he is coming , we wait for him at the gate of our company's gate . 
text: Well , that's right . How about on a formal occasion ? What should I say to show my gratitude ? 	labels: It's an honor and a privilege to receive a visit from such a distinguished group . 
text: And then , what should we do next when you meet the guests ? 	labels: Maybe we should send them to the reserved hotel for a short break , meanwhile we can also raise a question on what they want to have and know . 	episode_done:True
text:Judy , what do you think of the new general manager ? 	labels: He has extensive experience , although the guy ’ s really deep , sometimes , it scares me . 
text: I heard he's very clear about his likes and dislikes and he's not the type to just let things go , so don ’ t provoke him . 	labels: I know , and that's why I'm always respectful and I keep my distance . It's safer that way . 
text: Me too , I don't know why , but every time I see the guy , I break into a cold sweat . 	labels: It's in the eyes . They're the type that seems to look into your soul , making one really uneasy . 
text: Whatever we said , we must be more careful . 	labels: Yes , I agree with you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Matt ! 	labels: Hello , Todd ! 
text: Matt , I'm going to ask you some questions about pet.First question , do you have a pet ? 	labels: Yes , in fact , my mom's house we have three , three pets . two dogs and a cat . My family actually raises dogs for helping blind people . 
text: Wow , like how do they train the dogs ? 	labels: How do they train the dogs ? Well , I mean , it's a long process , right ... we get them when they're puppies ... and so we train them basic ... you know , sit , come ... really basic things ... then , after they're about two year old , they go a different training school . 
text: Well , how many dogs do they train at a time ? 	labels: Oh , just one ! We have our own dog , and then we have a dog that we have that we are training . 
text: Do you ever see the dogs you trained , like out on the street , or anything ? 	labels: Sometimes we'll see them , they'll have like sort of conventions of reunions of the pets so , yeah , you get to see them once in awhile . 
text: Oh , wow , that's cool . Um , why do people keep pets ? 	labels: I guess the most important thing is companionship , right ! So there is always somebody there for you that will like you no matter what . 
text: Yeah , that's true . OK , besides cats , dogs , and fish , what are some other pets people keep ? 	labels: Well , I guess if you are Sigrid and Roy you can keep a tiger or lion . I guess all types of things don't they . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . How can we be of service ? 	labels: I'm here to see about a Fixed Asset Loan . 
text: OK , are you already an account holder ? 	labels: Yes , I am . But I'm not sure if I'm eligible . 
text: To find out if you are eligible for our Fixed Asset Loan , we will have to look at various aspects of your business , such as your long-term business prospects , your cash flow , your profitability , your capital structure ... 	labels: For my credit worthiness ? 	episode_done:True
text:Now let's use the weight machines . 	labels: How about the rowing machine 
text: Great . They've all got built-in TVs . 	labels: Cool ! We can watch Ally Mcneal ! 
text: But we could just stay there for 20 minutes . 	labels: What exercises can I do to firm up my backside 
text: I would recommend doing some squats . Spread your feet about shoulder-length apart , toes facing forward , and slowly bend at your knees . 	labels: Like this ? 	episode_done:True
text:Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf . 	labels: Yeah ? You finally decided to wipe the slate clean ? 
text: You got it ! I have a new job , I ’ m living in a new city , with new friends ! This is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way I live my life . 	labels: So what are you going to do ? Take up an art class or something ? 
text: Well , first of all , I ’ Ve decided to stop smoking . It ’ s not that I ’ m pinching pennies or anything , it ’ s just that I ’ Ve been smoking since I was sixteen , and I think it ’ s time to stop . 	labels: I ’ m with you on that one . Anything else you ’ re planning on doing ? 
text: One last thing , I ’ Ve decided to come out of the closet . 	labels: It ’ s about time ! 	episode_done:True
text:I guess you should know that you need to be hospitalized . 	labels: Of course I know . 
text: Now you can go to the in-patient department to go through the admission procedures . 	labels: OK . I'll go right now . By the way , do you think I ’ ll have to stay in the hospital for long ? 
text: It's hard to say . It depends on your recovery condition . But you need to stay for at least one day for observation . 	labels: Thank you , Doctor . I will go now . Bye-bye . 	episode_done:True
text:What's the problem ? 	labels: I have a laceration on my left forearm . 
text: Let me have a look . How did this happen ? 	labels: I got hit by a car in an accident . 
text: Was there much bleeding afterward ? 	labels: No , not much . 
text: Well , this doesn't look too serious . Nurse , could you please get me a suture set ? 	labels: Will I need stitches ? 
text: Yes . Three , I think . It wont ' be too painful . Alright , we're done . That wasn't so bad , was it ? 	labels: No , not really . 
text: You're lucky there was no lasting damage . I'll set up an appointment for you to come back in five days . We'll take those stitches out then . So long . 	labels: Thank you , doctor . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:Where are you from ? 	labels: I'm from Germany . 
text: So you speak German , don't you ? 	labels: Yeah , but I can speak English , too . 
text: Oh , I see . What other languages can you speak ? 	labels: A little French . 	episode_done:True
text:Could I speak to Mary , please ? 	labels: This is Mary speaking . Who is that ? 
text: This is Bob . Where have you been , Mary ? I have been trying to get on to you for the last half hour . Don ’ t you leave your home at 7 	labels: Yes , I do , but today I went shopping and have only just come back . It is very nice to hear your voice , Bob . I didn ’ t know you were in New York . 
text: I arrived this morning . I would have rung you before but I have been terribly busy all day attending a conference . It has only just ended . Are you doing anything tonight , Mary ? 	labels: Yes , I am going to meet a client . 
text: But that is terrible ! I am only here for one night ! 	labels: I am sorry , Bob . If you had told me you were coming up , I would have kept tonight free . But you didn ’ t tell me . 
text: I didn ’ t know myself till this morning when my boss suddenly dashed into the office and told me to rush up here to attend the conference . 	labels: I thought Henry usually did the conferences . 
text: Yes , he does but when he was driving up here last night he had an accident and was taken to hospital . So I am doing it instead . Mary , Must you go out tonight ? Couldn ’ t you get out of it ? 	labels: I ’ m free tomorrow but I suppose that will be too late . 
text: No , I will stay another day.my boss will get over it . Would you like to meet me for lunch tomorrow ? 	labels: I ’ d like to . But Bob , are you sure it will be all right ? I would hate you to make your boss angry or even lose your job . 
text: It is all right . I will call the boss and tell him I am staying another day . I stayed an extra night in Boston last month and he didn ’ t seem to put about it . 	labels: Why did you stay an extra night in Boston ? What happened ? 
text: I will tell you tomorrow . See you tomorrow , Mary . 	labels: See you tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! Can I help you ? 	labels: Well , I am looking for some winter clothes for my fiancee . 
text: Oh , it's the high time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a preseason sale on all our winter apparel . 	labels: Really ? What's that ? 
text: Every thing for winter is 20 % off . 	labels: I think my fiancee may favor the sweater in the shop window . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with this sweater ? 
text: Sure , we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater . Look at this section . 	labels: I especially like this flowery skirts . My fiancee will look very elegant in this . 
text: You have a good taste . It's very much in style this year . 	labels: I don't think the green one fits her complexion . Do you have any skirts in light color or tan ? 
text: Look on the rack to the right . 	labels: Oh , yes . I'll take this one . Can I pay by traveler ’ s check ? 	episode_done:True
text:Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . 	labels: Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . 
text: It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? 	labels: Um ... we never were . We're just friends . 
text: Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ... 	labels: ... I am seeing someone . This is Yi-jun , my ... 	episode_done:True
text:I am absolutely famished . 	labels: Yeah . I am too . 
text: Where did you want to go for lunch ? 	labels: I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria . 
text: I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria . 	labels: I actually like the food there . 
text: Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ? 	labels: They have anything you want . 
text: I was thinking about getting some Chinese food . 	labels: I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great . 
text: We can eat at the cafeteria . 	labels: I think you'll really like the food there . 	episode_done:True
text:Steven , what are you thinking about ? 	labels: Oh , you know , tomorrow is Vicky's birthday . I am thinking what gift to give her . 
text: That's easy . A girl at her age must like beautiful ornaments . How about a hair pin ? 	labels: It's a bad idea . Vicky has short hair . 
text: Well , what about a brooch ? 	labels: Only old women like that . 
text: Maybe you should ask her what she wants for her birthday . 	labels: OK . That's what I can do . 	episode_done:True
text:What do we need for the barbecue ? 	labels: Well , I ’ Ve bought a lot of meat . I ’ Ve got pork chops , small steaks , chicken wings and plenty of hot dog sausages and hamburger patties . 
text: I can ’ t wait to start cooking . I ’ Ve bought the grill and charcoal.Do you have enough plates and utensils ? 	labels: I think so . I bought some paper plates and cups for people to use.It will save on the washing up . 
text: And if people drop them , they won ’ t break.We ’ ll need to buy some buns to make hot dogs and hamburgers . 	labels: They sell them at the shop around the corner.We can go and get some in a few minutes . 
text: I brought some cheese to make cheeseburgers and some onions for the hot dogs.We ’ ll need some tomato catchup and some barbecue sauce . 	labels: I have the sauce , but remind me to get some catchup at the shop . 
text: How long does it take to cook meat on the barbecue ? 	labels: It only takes a few minutes.Some people like their meat well done , others like it rare.The great thing about the barbecue is that everyone can choose how they want their meat cooked . 
text: They can cook them themselves to make sure exactly how they like it . 	labels: I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians . 	episode_done:True
text:Ant Shirley , it's being years since we last met . How were you doing in the passing years ? 	labels: Pretty well . What about you ? 
text: Fine . Where are the other guys ? 	labels: It's a bit disappointing that they are all out for a movie . 
text: Bad timing . I want to see them so much . How are they ? 	labels: Not bad . I heard you are going to graduate this coming summer , right ? 
text: Yes , that's why I'm here . I'm thinking about buying a second-hand apartment . 	labels: Did you go to a real estate agent ? 
text: No , that will be too expensive . 	labels: That's true . By the way , what kind of apartment are you looking for ? 
text: My first job's salary will be a bit low . So the cheaper the better . Just one I can afford . 	labels: Sure . I'll try my best to find a satisfying one for you . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope to conclude some substantial business with you . 	labels: It ’ s a great pleasure to meet you , Mr . Brown . I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom . May I know what particular items you ’ re interested in ? 
text: I ’ m interested in your hardware . I ’ Ve seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues . I think some of the items will find a ready market in Canada . Here is a list of my requirements , for which I ’ d like to have your lowest quotations , C . I . F . Vancouver . 	labels: Thank you for your inquiry . Would you tell us the quantity you require so that we can work out the offers ? 
text: I ’ ll do that . Meanwhile , could you give me an indication of price ? 	labels: Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation . 
text: What about the commission ? From European suppliers I usually get a 3 to 5 percent commission for my imports . It ’ s the general practice . 	labels: As a rule we don ’ t allow any commission . But if the order is a substantial one , we ’ ll consider it . 
text: You see , but I do business on a commission basis . A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales . Even two or three percent would help . 	labels: That ’ s something we can discuss later . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , it's ten o'clock . I'd better go now . 	labels: Would you stay for another cup of coffee ? 	episode_done:True
text:the other team lost by three points, 101-98. 	labels:it must've been a close game.	episode_done:True
text:Are you from America ? 	labels: No . I am Canadian . Are you Chinese ? 
text: Yes . Nice to meet you ! 	labels: Nice to meet you , too . Let me show you around . 
text: Thanks , I will appreciate it . How long have you been here ? 	labels: About two years , but it seems as if I got here yesterday . 	episode_done:True
text:The hotel is full tonight . we will need to find a new place to stay . 	labels: Maybe it's just a blessing in disguise . I've been wanting to try a new place anyway . 	episode_done:True
text:maybe in your next life you'll have blue eyes.	labels:but what if i'm a fish in my next life?	episode_done:True
text:Are you still busy today ? 	labels: It seems to be . How about you today ? 
text: Fine , honey . Rome couldn't be built with in one day . 	labels: OK , I'll find the time to relax soon . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi . What's your name ? 	labels: My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? 
text: My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . 	labels: Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? 
text: No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? 	labels: Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . 
text: Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? 	labels: I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . 
text: I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . 	labels: Why were you in Japan ? 
text: My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . 	labels: That's pretty cool . 
text: I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . 	labels: Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around . 
text: Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class . 	labels: Ok . 	episode_done:True
text:Where is Pamela ? 	labels: Is she coming ? 
text: She told me she'd be here . 	labels: They are announcing your flight . You'd better board the plane . 
text: Are you rushing me ? 	labels: I am just reminding you about the time . You don't want to miss the plane , do you ? 
text: I know what I am doing . Don't worry . Can you do me a favor ? 	labels: Name it and I'll do it for you . 
text: Take care of Pamela when I am away . She is a nice girl . I don't want her to get hurt or anything . 	labels: I've got it . 
text: Thank you . Now I see that you are my true friend . Most of my so-called friends left me at the moment my company went bankrupt . You are the only one who has stood by me the whole time . 	labels: I am just doing what I think I should do . 
text: Thank you for being a friend of mine . 	labels: This isn't like you ... Well , I hope you will have a nice flight and a successful start in business . 	episode_done:True
text:i wish my eyes were blue.	labels:what's the matter with green eyes?	episode_done:True
text:The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ? 	labels: Sure . I've reviewed all the lessons I have learned this academic year . 
text: Are you sure you can do well this year ? 	labels: I am 100 % certain . 
text: According to what you did last time , I have my doubts . 	labels: I am sure I can get a 95 this time . 	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas , Linda ! 	labels: Merry Christmas , Lee ! 
text: Linda , thank you for this wonderful Christmas dinner . I really enjoyed it . 	labels: Thank you for coming . I'm glad you liked it . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you going to do after you return from Washington ? 	labels: I'm going to stay in the city . 
text: What will you do all day ? 	labels: I'm going to work with my father at the store . In the evening , I'll read books.On weekends , I'll go to the beach with my family . 
text: Have you ever worked ? 	labels: No , but I can learn . What are you going to do this summer ? 
text: I'm going to camp . I've gone to camp for four summers . 	labels: I've never gone to camp . What do you do there ? 
text: We do many things . In the morning , we go swimming and boating . In the afternoon , we play basketball or tennis . We sit around a camp fire at night.We sing or tell stories . 	labels: That sounds wonderful . 
text: It is wonderful . What's John going to do this summer ? 	labels: I think he's going to the mountains with his parents . 
text: Well , so long , Mary . Have fun . 	labels: You too , Peter . Give my regards to John . I'll see you in September . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Celia ! How was your trip to the United States ? 	labels: It was terrific . I really enjoyed it . 
text: Great . How long were you away ? 	labels: I was there for about three weeks . 
text: That's a long time ! Was the weather OK ? 	labels: Yes , most of the time . But it snowed a lot in Chicago . 
text: So , what was the best thing about your trip ? 	labels: Oh , that's difficult to say . But I guess I liked Nashville the best . 	episode_done:True
text:I can't believe my eyes , Bill . Are you having a salad for lunch ? No hamburger ? 	labels: Get used to it , Mary . I'm off hamburgers for good health . Most fast food is loaded with sodium . 
text: I know . But why are you suddenly interested in lessening your salt intake ? 	labels: My doctor says I should cut back on sodium-rich foods to lower my blood pressure . 
text: Do you have hypertension ? I would have thought you were too young . 	labels: Actually , my blood pressure isn't that high yet , but they say it increases with age . 
text: Well , I'm glad you're starting to pay more attention to your diet . 	labels: I want to lower my risk of heart attack and stroke , too . 
text: So do I . That's why I've been trying to lower my cholesterol level . 	labels: I've noticed you've been munching away on lots of fruits and vegetables recently . 	episode_done:True
text:I have a feeling you will get this job . 	labels: Thanks . But I'm not so sure . Interviews stress me out . 
text: Just remember to be professional and polite . Oh , and don ’ t forget to smile . 	labels: I ’ ll do my best , but sometimes I have trouble being myself in stressful situations . 
text: Have you updated your resume recently ? 	labels: Yes ... ah ! I forgot to include my e-mail address . 
text: You ’ d better double-and-triple check it . You don ’ t want to have any embarrassing typos on your resume . Otherwise , you might shoot yourself in the foot . 	labels: I ’ ll be sure and do that . I also need to pick out the right suit , shirt , and tie for this interview . 
text: Definitely . Oh , do you have a reference letter ? 	labels: Sort of . I prepared a list of all the people who can vouch for my experience and good work ethic . 
text: I ’ m included on your list of references , right ? My praise of you could really make a difference . 	labels: Sorry , you ’ re not on it . I don ’ t think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing ! 	episode_done:True
text:  I don't know what I'm going to do.	labels:  What's wrong?
text:  The stock market crashed.	labels:  Did you have investments?
text:  Yes.  I lost all my money.	labels:  I'm too scared to invest my money.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ? 	labels: I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really . 
text: Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture ? 	labels: I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects . 	episode_done:True
text:i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.	labels:that would make it easier for us to make plans.	episode_done:True
text:Pardon me . Does your hotel have a fitness facility ? 	labels: Yes , sir . We try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness . 
text: Great ! Where is it ? 	labels: Sir , the gym is just below the lobby . You can take the elevator or the stairs . 
text: Do I have to pay extra ? 	labels: No , sir . It's gratis . Just take your room key so you can get in . 
text: What are the gym hours ? 	labels: You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7 . 
text: Great ! Is a trainer available ? 	labels: I'm sorry , but no . We used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident . 	episode_done:True
text: Where's the pencil sharpener?	labels: Which one?
text: Any one. I need to sharpen this pencil.	labels: I think there's one on the dining room table.
text: I already looked there.	labels: Did you look in the desk drawer?
text: Yes, I looked there, too.	labels: Don't we have about five sharpeners?
text: Yes, but they seem to have legs.	labels: Tomorrow I'm going to buy an electric sharpener.
text: Get one with the rubber suction cups on the bottom.	labels: Yes. That way it will stay where I put it.	episode_done:True
text:oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people . 	labels: Beauty costs , dear ! What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? 
text: yeah , it's lovely , but to be frank , it's not the most practical . You don't have many formal events in your calendar , do you ? 	labels: come on , you sound like my Mom.Look at that , it's beautiful ! 
text: when you buy clothes , you must think about the material , quality and price . 	labels: maybe you have a point . 
text: make sure you buy what you need and your clothes can be worn for various occasions . 	labels: all right . How about this black shirt ? It can be worn for anything---a party , a job interview and even a funeral ! 
text: that's true , but you already have two back coats and one black sweater . 	labels: oh ! Hey , look , that's the same shirt Britney wore in her concert . 
text: exactly ! Oh , my god ! I love Britney ! I'm going to get it . 	labels: why not try it on ? 
text: it's just the right size--a perfect fit ! I'll take it . Oh , no , I'm a little short . Did you bring your credit card ? 	labels: yes . 	episode_done:True
text:At the Beijing Olympics , all four table tennis events were all-Chinese finals . A clean sweep again ! 	labels: Yes . All international ping-pong tournaments have become a demonstration of Chinese supremacy in the sport . 
text: Do you know any secrets to China's success ? 	labels: In the first place , I think the whole nation is just fond of the game . It is well grounded with the mass . With huge numbers of people playing ping-pong , we can always spot a handful of potential world champions . 
text: So , the national ping-pong team must be a highly competitive membership . 	labels: Sure . There is a careful mechanism for selecting players from provincial teams , and those lucky dogs have to observe strict rules . 
text: For example ? 	labels: They are subject to hard training . And you know what , for a player on the national team , personal affairs are supposed to take a back seat to training and competitions . They are not even allowed to talk relationships with each other . 
text: Oh , dear ! It's an encroachment on individual rights ! 	labels: Well , ping-pong is our national sport , and we just have to keep winning one honor after another . That's why many people think such rules acceptable . After all , they are funded out of taxpayers'money . 	episode_done:True
text: What's wrong Billy?	labels: I just found out that I won't be graduating this year.
text: Why?	labels: I'm a few credits short of the graduation requirements.
text: What are you going to do?	labels: There's nothing I can do right now.
text: Have you told your parents?	labels: No way. They are going to be so mad.
text: Well, you have to tell them.	labels: I know. I just don't know how? My last report card was bad. I promised that I would improve my grades.
text: Can you go to summer school?	labels: I will have to. They're probably going to take my car away.
text: Good luck, buddy.	labels: Thanks. I'm going to need it. Do you have an extra room at your house?
text: Why?	labels: I may need that too.	episode_done:True
text:  Did you hear the news?	labels:  What news?
text:  The company is changing the dress code.	labels:  What's the new dress code?
text:  Every Friday is going to be casual day.	labels:  What does that mean?
text:  We can come to work in casual clothes like jeans, but no inappropriate clothes.	labels:  That's great!  I hate having to wear a suit every day.
text:  This is only on Fridays though.	labels:  That's good enough for me.	episode_done:True
text:Where to , ma'am ? 	labels: The Grand Hotel . 
text: The Grand Hotel ? 	labels: Yes.Do you know where it is ? 
text: No , Madam . I don't think I do . 	labels: It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street . 	episode_done:True
text:  I need to report lost luggage.	labels:  I'm very sorry that happened.
text:  What do I need to do?	labels:  Please fill out this lost luggage form.
text:  I have very important business papers in my suitcase.	labels:  I understand.  I am very sorry.
text:  Will you contact me as soon as you find it?	labels:  Yes.  We will send it to you right away.
text:  I am staying in a hotel downtown.	labels:  We will contact you as soon as we locate your suitcase.	episode_done:True
text:a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?	labels:the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.	episode_done:True
text:This man looks very handsome.Is he married ? 	labels: Sure.He has already married , a father of two boys . 
text: Oh , I can't believe it.He looks very young . 	labels: He took the picture when he was only 21 years old . 	episode_done:True
text:how fast is he going?	labels:they say he's going 80 miles per hour.	episode_done:True
text:Mom ! How can I help with the washing up ? 	labels: You peel the onions and wash them , then chop them . 
text: OK ! Then what can I do after I finish it ? 	labels: Let me see . Wash the cabbage over there . 
text: OK , got it . 	labels: What is your father doing now ? 
text: Reading newspaper on the couch . 	labels: How about Daniel ? 
text: Staying with Ultraman , of course . You know he likes it very much . 	labels: Be careful of the peeler . Don't cut your fingers . 
text: I will . 	labels: OK , we've finished . Can you get your father and brother ? 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about the equipment in our company ? 	labels: We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible . 
text: I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential . 	labels: Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age . 
text: Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management . 	labels: And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function . 	episode_done:True
text:Personal Loans , how may I help ? 	labels: I'm going to be studying overseas next year and I'd like some info about suitable loans . To be honest , I'm not even sure if I can get a loan . 
text: Not a problem . We offer a Personal Loan for Studying Abroad for anyone who's studying overseas , regardless of the circumstances . Anyone is eligible to apply 	labels: Would I have to get my parents to guarantor the loan ? 
text: Not exactly . Our policy states that the loange could be the person studying abroad , for example , you , or your direct relative or spouse . 	labels: I see . What about age limitations ? 
text: There are no age limitations as such just that the loange should be below 55 years and of course , old enough to get a loan , meaning over 18 years of age . 	labels: Got it ! I fit into that category very nicely . That's great ! I'll have a chat with my parents and come back . Thanks very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? 	labels: Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English . 
text: I suppose she's right.Does she speak English very slowly ? 	labels: Not always.Sometimes we don't understand her.Then she has to repeat what she said . 
text: It must be interesting to study English . 	labels: Mario and I are the best students in the class.Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . 
text: Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ? 	labels: Sometimes it's difficult.Some words look different from the way one pronounces them . 	episode_done:True
text:Now you're my boss , Mr . Henry . 	labels: Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? 
text: No , nothing in particular . 	labels: You may ask questions about us , if you have any . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ? 	labels: About David ? No , I didn ’ t hear anything . 
text: You know , about David and his new boss . 	labels: Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you . 
text: Well , I heard David has been fired . 	labels: Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm planning on going to the market soon . 	labels: What are you buying ? 
text: I don't know what we need . 	labels: I can check for you , if you'd like . 
text: I'll make a list . 	labels: First , we need eggs , milk , and bread . 
text: OK ! Do we need any meat ? 	labels: How about some chicken , ground beef , and some steak . 
text: What else do we need ? 	labels: Get some snack foods , too , dude . 
text: Is there anything else that we need ? 	labels: No , but if you can think of anything else , just get it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello Mr Fang ! It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today ? 	labels: Hello , Miao Ping . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account today . 
text: That shouldn't be a problem , Mr Fang . Have you got your Certificate of Use of Foreign Exchange Account and the Foreign Exchange Account Opening Notice with you ? Our most widely used currencies are US dollar , Japanese yen and Hong Kong dollar . 	labels: I need to open a US dollar account , trade with America is going up each year . 
text: We will transact this for you as soon as we can after the materials you have given me have been checked and verified . 	labels: Good , thanks . I look forward to hearing from you . 	episode_done:True
text:You look great ! 	labels: Thanks to you . I'm totally pumped up . 
text: So you are happy that you made the decision to join us . 	labels: I surely am . But still there is one single problem . 
text: What's that ? 	labels: I eat more and more these days . And it puts even more weight on me . 
text: It's not good to start with too much work-out at the beginning . What about trying something else ? 	labels: I'd love to do that . What do you recommend ? 
text: More and more people are warm up to Yoga these days . Do you want to have a try ? 	labels: Do you think it's a good option for health and relaxation ? 
text: Absolutely . But it takes great perseverance to master . 	labels: I can so that . 
text: Here is a free class going on right over there . Go and join them . 	labels: How did it go ? 	episode_done:True
text:what about her facial features?	labels:she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset . 	labels: To be honest , I was just dumped . 
text: Oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday cheer you up . 	labels: No , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling . 
text: Come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ? 	labels: I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing . 
text: Well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ? 	labels: Where is that ? 
text: Not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours . 	labels: What's there to see ? 
text: There is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes . 	labels: Oh , sounds nice . 
text: Yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like 	labels: Ok . Then I can make up my mind . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch . 
text: May , I really regret watching it with you last night . 	labels: Did it scare you ? 
text: Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring . 	labels: Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time . 
text: Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary . 	labels: I like scary movies . 
text: That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies ! 	labels: Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you . 
text: Don't call me kid . I am a grownup . 	labels: Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ? 
text: Of course ! I can watch them without you ! 	labels: Oh , really ? 	episode_done:True
text:Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ? 	labels: Just a moment , I'm coming.Now , what would you like ? 
text: I'd like to see the menu.Would you get me one , please ? 	labels: Yes , certainly.Here you are . 
text: Thank you.Ah ! But this is in French.Would you mind giving me the English menu ? 	labels: It's written in English too , in smaller print.There . 
text: Thanks . I'll need a while to choose.Could you come back in a minute ? 	labels: Right.Now , what are you having ? 
text: I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet.Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes ? 	labels: All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:i'll go up front and talk to the manager.	labels:that's a good idea.	episode_done:True
text:Egg , this bathroom is a pigsty ! 	labels: Helen , why do you keep flushing the toilet ? What's wrong ? 
text: I just can't stand it . It's really gross in here ! There ' s a stain on the toilet seat , and the floor was wet and slippery . So I cleaned it ! 	labels: You did what ? Helen , I know it's gross , but I ' Ve seen many public washrooms that are much worse . Why are you cleaning the counter top ? are you out of your mind ? 
text: I can't help myself ; it's just so disgusting in here ! 	labels: Helen , this is not like your own bathroom . Just leave it to the cleaners , okay ? 
text: Hang on . I'm just gonna quickly wipe the sink and sweep the floor . 	labels: You're such a neat freak ! I'm outta here ! 	episode_done:True
text:How do you usually part your hair ? 	labels: To the right . 
text: ( The hair stylist cuts the customer's hair . ) Almost done . I just have to even things up a bit . ( She shows the customer the results . ) Will that do ? 	labels: Looks good . 
text: Would you like a shave ? 	labels: No , thanks . 
text: Okay , let me brush you off . Thank you very much for coming . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Which season do you like best ? 	labels: I like spring . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Oh , everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is Jennifer in ? 	labels: I am sorry , you have the wrong number . 	episode_done:True
text:if i owned a restaurant, i would never serve hot bread before the main course.	labels:that's terrible. i would never go to your restaurant.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ? 	labels: Sure , what's up ? 
text: I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win ? 	labels: Good question . I have to think about it . 
text: My husband is betting on France . 	labels: France ? Is he crazy ? 
text: What do you mean ? 	labels: Well , how do I put this ? France is a terrible team . 	episode_done:True
text: no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?	labels: People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.	episode_done:True
text:who?	labels:two students from usc.	episode_done:True
text:You know , I really don ’ t think Americans are very romantic . 	labels: Where did you get that idea ? 
text: That ’ s the impression I get from the movies , and from looking around . Men and women seem very business-like in their relations with each other . 	labels: Well , I ’ m still not sure what you ’ re asking me . 
text: Is it true or isn ’ t it ? 	labels: Do you want to know something about the American character ? 
text: I just think you ’ re trying to change the subject . But go ahead . 	labels: No , this will help answer your question . In American society boys and girls are raised together . They ’ re not segregated in their activities ! Boys and girls go out together from an early age . 
text: OK , go on . 	labels: After being raised together , men and women can be business-like in each other ’ s company . It really doesn ’ t have anything to do with the way a man and woman behave toward each other when they are in love . Does that answer your question ? 
text: Not exactly , but I see your point . 	labels: I think Americans are pretty romantic when they are in a relationship and a lot of flirting goes on in every office . After you ’ Ve been in America for a while , you will probably see what I mean . 	episode_done:True
text:It ’ s really terrible ! 	labels: What are you talking about ? 
text: Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all . 	labels: You said it . Many parents just don ’ t know how to educate their children . 	episode_done:True
text:Brian and Christina were mentioning that maybe it would be fun to go on vacation together this year , John . 	labels: I thought that I already told you that I am going with Mark to Alaska . 
text: Are you kidding me ? 	labels: You know what ? You and I had no plans , so I made plans with Mark . What's the problem ? 
text: We have been together for a year and usually , people who've been together a year , take their vacation together . 	labels: I don't think that I ever heard of that rule before . Any more rules that you would like to tell me about ? 
text: Go on your vacation with Mark and when you come back , why don't you just move in with him as well ! 	labels: I am really looking forward to getting away from you . Far away from you ! 	episode_done:True
text:What kind of sport do you often do ? 	labels: I go jogging , how about you ? 
text: I used to swim a lot , but now I'm taking gym classes . 	labels: Oh , that's fantastic ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure this evening ? Your usual ? 	labels: Yes . I'm going to stay with the same , a beer . 
text: Certainly , a beer . Here you are , sir . 	labels: Oh , darn . Look what I've done . ( Spill the drink ) 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , come in , I've been waiting for you . 	labels: Than you , I'm not late , am I ? 
text: No , no , no , not at all.It ' s just that I've been looking forward to meeting you . 	labels: Well , thank you , but it's not all that hard to do , you know . I've been calling your office and sending you proposals for about two years now , and you've never responded before . 
text: Ha , ha , ha ! Yes , I guess I deserved that . Let me explain , okay ? 	labels: Please , I wish you would . 
text: Well , as you probably know I buy from a selected group of suppliers and don't , as a rule , deal with new people . 	labels: Yes , I know that . It's why Ive been trying to become one of those suppliers . I hear you're a good man to do business with . 
text: I'm very old-fashioned . I believe in loyalty.Once I start a sales relationship with someone , I stay with him or her , and we so most of our business on the phone . I expect their absolute best price possible and don't haggle.But if I find out they screwed me over , then I find another supplier . 	labels: That's pretty much what I heard . 
text: Well , those are my terms . As long as you honor them , we do business.If you break faith and try to take advantage , I'll find someone else to work with . Can you live with that ? 	labels: No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ? 	labels: Haven't been sleeping well recently . 
text: What's the problem ? 	labels: Every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings . 
text: Well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an agreement for a time when the room should quiet down . 	labels: Yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon . 
text: I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept talking and laughing aloud , it was torturous . For me a room to myself , even a small one , is ideal . Though I don't mind sharing an apartment with somebody . 	labels: Yeah , I crave my own space . I just get so tiredhaving people around me all the time . We all need our private space . But I also think interpersonal skills very important . Living in a dorm means you have to learn to be considerate of others , otherwise nobody is going to have a good time . 	episode_done:True
text:There are lots of new teachers in our class this semester . 	labels: Yeah , so what do you think about the teachers ? 
text: To be honest , I like all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seems like an old person . He's so boring . 	labels: I think so too . I don't like him either . Well , who do you like best ? 
text: It might be the English teacher . What about you ? 	labels: Me , too . She speaks very clearly and doesn't use very complicated words so that it is easy for us to understand her . 
text: She is a pretty good teacher ! With her help I think I can make great progress in English . 	labels: Yeah , I like her way of teaching . She told us not to cram for exams , and to pay more attention to communicating than memorizing . 
text: I think it's a good way to develop our language ability . 	labels: Actually , our new math teacher is a good person . He just can't find an appropriate way to teach us . 	episode_done:True
text: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	labels: sure. are you just going home now?	episode_done:True
text:maybe he's just a liar.	labels:maybe i'll vote for someone else, too.	episode_done:True
text:Lili , let ’ s take a vacation ! 	labels: George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent . 
text: Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much . 	labels: Where will we sleep , then ? 
text: In the van . 	labels: What about other expenses ? 
text: Let ’ s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ’ t spend much . Come on . Don ’ t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ’ t we ? 	labels: Maybe you ’ re right . When do you plan to go ? 
text: The sooner the better ! I can ’ t wait ! 	labels: Oh , I don ’ t know where we ’ re going yet . 
text: As long as we ’ re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time . 	labels: Let ’ s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field ! 	episode_done:True
text:I don ’ t dare to look after the children now . 	labels: Why ? 
text: The children always make themselves in danger . I always have my heart in my mouth with them . 	labels: It is because your children have grown up , and you haven ’ t lived with a child for a long time . 	episode_done:True
text: Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>	labels: ouch. do you think that hurts?	episode_done:True
text:I'm Mary Kell . May I ask your name ? 	labels: My name is Zhuang Lingy . How are you , Miss Kelly ? 
text: I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please . 	labels: Thank you . Miss Kelly . 
text: What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ? 	labels: I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute . 
text: Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ? 	labels: Yes , I would . ( After testing ) 
text: Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to give it a try . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr Jacobs ! Lovely to see you again ! What can I do for you today ? 	labels: I'd like to make a deposit please , into my granddaughter's account . It's her birthday on Friday . 
text: What a thoughtful granddad ! Do you have her account details with you ? 	labels: Yes , right here . 
text: Great . Please fill them out on this deposit slip . 	labels: Here ? And here ? 
text: That's right . How much do you want to pay in ? 	labels: 1,000 RIB . 
text: Not just a thoughtful granddad , but a generous one too . 	labels: It's an important birthday . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester . 	labels: Have you tried university part-time jobs ? 
text: What do you mean ? 	labels: I mean in the library , or in some information center.Often the university hires foreign students for part-time positions . 
text: Yes , I know . I tried that.They don't have anything now . So what can I do ? 	labels: Well , since you're a foreign student , it's hard.That ' s because it's actually illegal for you to work in America . 
text: I know that . You don't have to tell me that . That's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That's legal.But they don't have a job for me . And it's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere . 	labels: Anyway , there must be some solution.You know there are many people working illegally in New York . 
text: But I need a pretty decent job . I need to make enough to pay my rent at least . 	labels: I have an idea . 
text: What ? 	labels: Since you're Chinese , maybe you can find part-time work in Chinatown . 
text: I already had that idea . 	labels: Well , why don't you go and look down there ? 
text: But I don't know what I would do . 	labels: It may be part-time work as a waitress or something.It would be illegal , but sometimes waitresses make a good salary . 
text: Maybe . I don't know . 	labels: I will ask my friends for you.Maybe someone knows a company that needs part-time people.That ' s another thing you should do . Ask all your friends to ask around for you.You might find something . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I take your order now , Madam ? 	labels: Yes , what would you recommend ? 
text: I'm happy to recommend the fish , It testes delicious , and it is today's special . Our chef is from the coast , and love seafood . Today special is actually his favorite dish . so I'm sure it is a 	labels: It does sound wonderful , maybe I'll try it . 
text: Is there anything else ? Maybe I can interest you in one of fine appetizers , such as the escargot . 	labels: Not today , thanks . But I'd like to know any of the vegetarian dishes . 
text: Yes , here's the menu . What would you think of your order . 	labels: Maybe I don't want the fish , I think I had the greenbean dish instead . 
text: What kind of soup would you like ? 	labels: I'd like the egg drop soup . 
text: Ok , is that all ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: what would you like anything to drink or you wait ? 	labels: Just nice water , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome back racing fans ! My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my partner in crime , Bob Copeland . 	labels: We ’ re in the last stretch of this very exciting race , and Kimmi Rikknen is leading the pack with only four laps to go ! They are heading to turn three and Lewis Hamilton tries to pass Rikknen ! It ’ s a close one and , oh no ! Hamilton hits the wall ! 
text: He came in too fast , jammed on the breaks and spun out . We have a yellow flag and the pace car is making its way onto the track . 	labels: The cleanup crew is towing the heavily damaged car and the green flag drops ! Rikknen is still in the lead with only two laps to go ! 
text: Smoke is coming out of his car ! He seems to be having engine trouble ! He makes his way into the pit , and Fernando Alonso takes the lead ! 	labels: How unlucky for Rikknen , and this race is over ladies and gentlemen , Alonso takes the checkered flag ! 	episode_done:True
text:Please take me to Plaza Hotel . 	labels: OK . When should we be there ? 
text: As soon as possible , because I've got an important meeting to attend . 	labels: All right , if there's no hold-ups . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! 	labels: Hello ! Could I speak to Sheerly Lim please ? 
text: Sure , just a second . Who's calling ? 	labels: This is Sue from work . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! Susan ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages ! 	labels: I ’ Ve been really busy . How is everything ? 
text: Oh , fine . Hey , why don ’ t we grab a bite to eat and do some catching up ? 	labels: Yeah , why not ? I ’ Ve got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ? 	episode_done:True
text: What's the point?	labels: The point of what?
text: Of living.	labels: Who knows? You live, and then you die.
text: We must be here for some reason.	labels: Maybe we're here to have fun.
text: Then why aren't I having fun?	labels: Because you're thinking too much.
text: So I should stop thinking?	labels: Stop thinking about what the point is.
text: Okay. I'll start thinking about having some fun.	labels: Just be patient. Fun doesn't come along every five minutes.	episode_done:True
text:What time do you usually go to bed?	labels:I don't have one time in particular. I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired.	episode_done:True
text:i guess so.	labels:god bless modern medicine.	episode_done:True
text:i thought i would wait until october.	labels:i'll bet this is the first time you've ever flown during christmas.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , Mr.Brown . 	labels: Good evening , David.Good evening , Mary.It ' s so good of you both to come . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane ? 	labels: Yes , I am . When is the wedding ? 
text: Aug 8 . 	labels: August bride . How nice ! By the way , who is going to be the matron of honor ? 
text: Mrs . White . 	labels: Oh , yeah ? I wonder who is going to give Jane away at the wedding . You know her father passed away several years ago . 
text: Maybe her uncle will . 	labels: I think so . The wedding will be held at her church , right ? 
text: Right . Red Rochester will officiate at the wedding . 	labels: Do you know where they will go on their honeymoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:How beautiful the flower is ! 	labels: Really , it's so beautiful . 
text: You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . 	labels: You mustn't pick it in this place . 
text: Where it is ? 	labels: It's a private garden . 	episode_done:True
text: Hello?	labels: Hi Jane. This is Kate. I'm not going to school today.
text: Why, Kate? Are you sick?	labels: No. My grandfather had a heart attack this morning. I have to go to the hospital with my parents.
text: Oh, I see. I'm sorry to hear that. Can I help you with anything?	labels: Actually, yes. Could you pick up any homework assignments I may miss?
text: Sure. How many days do you think you'll miss class?	labels: I don't know yet. We're not sure about his condition.
text: Is the hospital close by?	labels: No. It's a three-hour drive. My mom is packing some clothes just in case she needs to stay at the hospital overnight.
text: I hope he recovers soon.	labels: Thanks. Well, I better go now. I'm going to e-mail our teacher and let him know too. I'll tell him to give any missed assignments to you.
text: Ok. I'll take good notes in class and make copies for you.	labels: Thanks! That would wonderful.
text: Let me know if you need anything else. Call me later.	labels: I will. Talk to you soon.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favourite steps ? 	labels: It's hard to say . But I do love waltz very much . 
text: How about rumba ? 	labels: To tell the truth , I don't like it . 
text: Really ? You must like tango , right ? 	labels: Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't dance it well . 
text: Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can dance it very well . Let's dance it now . 	labels: OK . I'll have a try . 
text: Oh , you dance it so well . 	labels: Thank you for your compliment . 	episode_done:True
text:    S a l l y ,   I ' m   g o i n g   t o   t h e   s u p e r m a r k e t   t h i s   a f t e r n o o n .   D o   y o u   n e e d   a n y t h i n g ?  	labels:    Y e s   M o m .   C a n   y o u   b u y   s o m e   s n a c k s   f o r   s c h o o l ?  
text:    S u r e .   W h a t   k i n d   o f   s n a c k s ?  	labels:    I   l i k e   p r e t z e l s   a n d   p o t a t o   c h i p s .  
text:    O k .   I   w i l l   p i c k   u p   s o m e   f r u i t s   t o o .  	labels:    I   d o n ' t   l i k e   f r u i t s .  
text:    F r u i t s   a r e   h e a l t h y   f o r   y o u .  	labels:    C a n   I   g o   t o   t h e   m a r k e t   w i t h   y o u ?  
text:    A r e   y o u   d o n e   w i t h   y o u r   h o m e w o r k ?  	labels:    N o .   I   h a v e   t o   s t u d y   f o r   a   m a t h   t e s t   t o m o r r o w .  
text:    T h e n   y o u   s h o u l d   s t a y   h o m e   a n d   s t u d y .  	labels:    I   n e e d   t o   t a k e   b r e a k .   I ' v e   b e e n   s t u d y i n g   a l l   d a y .  
text:    O k .   W e   w i l l   o n l y   b e   g o n e   f o r   a b o u t   a n   h o u r .  	labels:    C a n   w e   g e t   i c e   c r e a m   o n   t h e   w a y   h o m e ?  
text:    I   t h o u g h t   y o u   n e e d e d   t o   s t u d y .  	labels:    I ' v e   s t u d i e d   e n o u g h .   I ' m   r e a d y   f o r   m y   m a t h   t e s t .  	episode_done:True
text:and he poured water into our glasses.	labels:yuck! no water for me.	episode_done:True
text:What's his job ? 	labels: He used to be a policeman . 
text: But Mrs.Smith hired him to find her lost son . 	labels: Yeah . He's a private eye now . 	episode_done:True
text:and i have to take care of our children.	labels:are you going to start a family?	episode_done:True
text:Oh , my god . I am so heavy now . I gain 10 kilos . 	labels: I am going to the gym . Do you want to come with me ? 
text: I think I should go . I really need to lose some weight . 	labels: Then , I'll wait for you at the car park in 20 minutes . 
text: 0K.See you then . 	labels: Do you have your member card with you ? 
text: Nope , I do not have a membership yet . 	labels: Well I have a guest ticket . You can use it . 	episode_done:True
text:So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen ? 	labels: Stolen ? No , why ? 
text: My uncle just had his motorcycle stolen a few nights ago . I was just thinking about how clever criminals are these days . 	labels: Criminals are clever ? They ’ re only successful when people are careless . 
text: I don ’ t know . The ones who stole my uncle ’ s motorcycle were pretty good . 	labels: If your uncle had an alarm system , then it wouldn ’ t have happened . 
text: He did . It was one of the best ones available . But that didn ’ t stop them from disabling it . And on a crowded street too . 	labels: Didn ’ t anyone stop them ? 
text: You would think that people would be smart enough to stop something like that . No one knew his motorcycle was being stolen . The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that my uncle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away . 	labels: Wow , they were good . I guess criminals aren ’ t that dumb after all . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell which team seems to win ? 	labels: Hard to say . Now the score is in our favor . 
text: Yes . Our guest team is really tough . 	labels: They're still fighting hard . Let's wait and see . 	episode_done:True
text:well, i guess that's it.	labels:yes, that's all i need for now.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ? 	labels: Yes , here you are . 
text: Thank you . W hat's your occupation , Mr . Smith ? 	labels: I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation . 
text: You are here on business , aren't you ? 	labels: Yes , I have been invited by the East Import 
text: I see . Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare . 
text: Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brought in . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:what did you buy?	labels:well, i got a lot of good deals, as usual.	episode_done:True
text:that's a good idea.	labels:i bought some new shoes.	episode_done:True
text:Sorry to bother you sir , but I have some bad news . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: Well , the stock market just took a huge plunge and we ’ Ve lost a lot of money ! 	labels: What do you mean ? What happened ? 
text: There are many factors that weigh in , but NASDAQ is down 200 points , the DOW JONES indicator also suffered ! Our portfolio is worth half of what it was worth points week ago . 	labels: How is this possible ? You are supposed to be talking to our stockbrokers and making sure that our securities and investments are safe and making a profitable return ! 
text: I know sir ! We didn ’ t expect a bull market to become a bear market all of a sudden . On the other hand , you still have some high yield trash bonds and government bonds that will give us enough liquidity to cut our loses and reinvest in emerging markets . We could potentially make this tragedy work for us and make us think outside the box . 	labels: Do what you have to do ! One other thing , don ’ t tell the rest of the stockholders about this . If they find out , it ’ s the end of this company ! 	episode_done:True
text:every time we eat out, it's an adventure.	labels:last time, we got seats next to the kitchen.	episode_done:True
text:Sarah . You look terrible . What's wrong ? 	labels: My grandmother just passed away . 
text: I'm so sorry to hear that . When did this happen ? 	labels: A couple of days ago . I just go back from the funeral . 
text: Is there anything I can do ? 	labels: No ... not really . The sad thing is that I wasn't there when she died . I really wanted to be there one last time . 
text: I'm sure she knew you loved her . Did she pass away in the hospital ? 	labels: Yeah . She died in her sleep . 
text: I'm sorry she's gone . 	labels: At least she didn't suffer . 
text: I think your grandmother would want you to think of all the good times you spent together . 	labels: I know . But I miss her . 
text: When my grandmother passed away , I frequently visited her in the cemetery . I always talked to her . Even though she wasn't there , I somehow knew she heard what I said . 	labels: Yeah ? That's what I was thinking too . Thanks . 
text: It looks like you haven't eaten anything all day . We should get you something to eat . 	labels: You're right ... I should eat something . Let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:it's not in my wallet.	labels:your wallet is empty?	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ? 	labels: Thanks , doc . I ’ Ve got a really bad toothache ! I can ’ t eat anything , and look , my face is all swollen . I think it might be my wisdom tooth . 
text: Well , let ’ s have a look . Open wide . Hmm ... this doesn ’ t look good . Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We ’ ll need to put in a filling before it gets any worse , and the crown probably needs to be refitted . I ’ m going to order some x-rays . 	labels: Is it gonna hurt ? 
text: No , not at all ! Just lay back and relax . 	labels: Ok , spit . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to purchase some business cards . 	labels: No problem . How many are you thinking about ? 
text: I think 2,000 would be fine . 	labels: If you'll just fill out this form , please . 
text: I want the new cards to be exactly like this card . 	labels: We can do that very easily . 
text: ... Okay , I'm done . Here's the form and my old card . 	labels: Great . Your order will take only one week . 
text: You know , I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days . 	labels: We can do that . It'll just cost you extra . 	episode_done:True
text:It's a lovely day , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , the weather sure is nice today . 
text: I love it when the weather is like this.Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch ? 	labels: That sounds like a good idea.The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot . 
text: I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado ; but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day . 	labels: Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable . 
text: Okay.Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all ? 	labels: I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day . 	episode_done:True
text:Why don't you watch where you're going ? 	labels: Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me ! 
text: There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in . 	labels: Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me . 
text: I think my arm is broken . 	labels: Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too . 
text: Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was . 	labels: Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried . 
text: I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ? 	labels: Alright . 
text: It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there . 	labels: Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital . 
text: Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police . 	labels: Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time . 
text: It really hurts . 	labels: Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ? 
text: To hell with you . The accident was your fault . 	labels: I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ? 	episode_done:True
text:the mayor says the crime rate is going down.	labels:then why does everyone lock their doors?	episode_done:True
text: lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good	labels: What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?	episode_done:True
text:How ’ s your trip going ? 	labels: Oh I ’ m enjoying myself but it ’ s so hot here 
text: Isn ’ t London hot in the summer ? 	labels: Well it can be but Shanghai is much warmer than London . 
text: I see . What about transport ? How does Shanghai compare to London ? 	labels: Actually I think the buses and trains here are more modern . 
text: And what about the number of people on the streets ? 	labels: Oh , I think Shanghai is much more crowded than London . 	episode_done:True
text:I guess it is to make us better speakers.	labels:It'll all be worth it when we transfer.	episode_done:True
text:yes, like the government says not to worry about the swine flu.	labels:but the swine flu just killed 20 people in mexico.	episode_done:True
text:that was a great trip to washington, d.c.	labels:tell me about it, dad.	episode_done:True
text:yes, dad, it was.	labels:the son gave a nice speech about his father.	episode_done:True
text:that sounds a lot easier than sewing.	labels:it is. but after about ten washings, the glue washes off.	episode_done:True
text: Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?	labels: No, I am just a starter.	episode_done:True
text:he wanted to take it home yesterday.	labels:i wonder what he'll name it.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Something is wrong with my bank card . Can you help me ? 	labels: Yes . What's the problem ? 
text: Just a mistake with my name . It should be issued as Steven , but the card is under the name ' Steven ' . 	labels: Oh , I am very sorry about that . It's our fault . I will arrange someone to correct it immediately . 
text: OK , no problem . To err is human . 	labels: Anyway , we apologize for the inconvenience we have brought you . Please just wait for a moment , and it will be fixed . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, that sounds nice.	labels:how about some potato chips?	episode_done:True
text:  Do you remember our 10th birthday?	labels:  Yes!  We got a puppy that year.
text:  I miss that puppy.	labels:  Me too.  He had a great name.
text:  Actually, I don't remember his name.	labels:  How could you forget his name?  His name was Buster.
text:  Oh yeah.  It was a sad day when Buster died.	labels:  I never wanted another dog after that.
text:  How old was Buster when he died?	labels:  You don't remember anything.  He was 14 years old.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem ? 	labels: No problem at all ! I am taking a long road trip and I want to make sure my car is in good mechanical condition . 
text: Very wise decision . When was the last time you had a tune up ? 	labels: Not that long ago , I think it was four months ago . 
text: We usually recommend that you bring your car in every five thousand kilometers . 	labels: Why ? I mean , what exactly do you do to a car that you need to check it so often ? 
text: First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don ’ t do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves . 	labels: I see . What else ? 
text: We also check your spark plugs , fuel filter , and other oil levels such as hydraulic fluid . We also check the clutch and brakes to determine when you will need new ones . 	labels: Ok , well , when you put it that way , it doesn ’ t seem like a waste of time and money . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Is this seat taken ? 	labels: I'm afraid so . 	episode_done:True
text: This is such a long light.	labels: Look how many cars are waiting in line.
text: They need a left-turn arrow.	labels: Only two cars can make a left turn every three or four minutes.
text: We'll be here forever.	labels: Get out of this lane.
text: But we need to turn left.	labels: Forget it. Go straight.
text: Then what?	labels: Then we'll just make a U-turn.
text: And then we can turn right at the light.	labels: Good idea. It will be so much quicker.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Could I speak with Mr . Willard please ? 	labels: This is he . Who ’ s calling , please ? 
text: This is Chris Emerson speaking . 	labels: Hello , Chris . How can I help you ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'm here to conduct the annual census of foreigners living in Beijing . This is my service ID card . 	labels: OK . What do you want to know ? 
text: We only need to verify your information against our records . 	labels: OK . 
text: Please show me your passport and Residence Permit . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: How long have you been living here ? 	labels: Two years . 
text: May I know your occupation ? 	labels: I'm a professor at a university . 
text: Is that right ? Which university , if you don't mind my asking ? 	labels: I teach at Beijing Normal University , English composition and some conversational classes . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , can you tell me where Main Street is ? 	labels: Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . 
text: Is it far ? 	labels: No . It's only a five-minute walk . You can't miss it . 
text: Thanks a lot . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing ! 	labels: I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now ! 
text: Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ’ ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ... 	labels: What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap ! 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs . 	labels: Why do you say that ? 
text: The city is beautiful , the off ... , the offices are modern and comfortable , and the work is so interesting . 	labels: Many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . Government service can be a rewarding and secure career . 
text: Do you mean financially rewarding ? 	labels: Well , many positions pay salaries that are comparable to those in private industries . 
text: I've always thought that most bureaucrats are lazy . 	labels: Sometimes that's true , but not usually . Most feds are honest , hard-working professionals . It ’ s hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive . 
text: How much do you make ? 	labels: I'm a GS - 15 . That's high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , what about this two-bedroom apartment ? The listing says it's right in the heart of the city , just steps from the metro . 	labels: Wow , that would be very convenient . How much is the rent ? 
text: It says it's $ 1600 . But if you share it with another person , that's only $ 800 per month . 	labels: That definitely sounds like a steal . I think that is a very trendy neighborhood as well . 	episode_done:True
text:did you see "titanic"?	labels:yes. it is a great movie.	episode_done:True
text:People say that you never have a real winter in the South China , but I don't think so . 	labels: Why ? 
text: I did experience a winter with snow in Kunming , the Spring City . 	labels: With snow in Kunming ? That's crazy ! 	episode_done:True
text:What happened ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: Let's stop and have a look . 	labels: Don't waste time . 
text: I'm curious about that . 	labels: But it's none of our business . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mary , I have decided to look for a job as a salesman . 	labels: Good ! Have you got the recruitment information on marketing ? 
text: Yes . I have found some through different channels . 	labels: Really ? That's great ! Tell me . 
text: OK . The first piece of job information I got was from the Internet , and it is about selling medicines . 	labels: What do you think of this job ? 
text: I am not familiar with the medicine industry , and I don't think it fits me well . 	labels: Then how about the others ? 
text: Another is about electronic commerce , and its products are mainly large machinery equipments . 	labels: I have heard about electronic commerce , and many people say it has good prospects for development . 
text: I also feel it's nice . I want to give it a try . 	labels: Come on ! I believe you will succeed . 
text: Thanks . You can also seek job information on the Internet . 	labels: Good idea . I will think it over . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I take your order now or do you still want to look at the menu ? 	labels: Well , I want a fillet steak , medium , but my little girl doesn't care for steak . Could she have something else instead ? 
text: Certainly . How about spaghetti with clams and shrimps . 	labels: Sounds delicious . OK . She'll try that . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you need a ticket ? 	labels: Surely , I do . It's hard to come by , isn't it ? 
text: Yes , it is . 	labels: Can you get it ? 	episode_done:True
text:i'm going to the bank.	labels:what do you need to do?	episode_done:True
text:do you know what today is?	labels:yes, it's april 22.	episode_done:True
text:Marry ; Mr . Johnson wants these documents to be copied . 	labels: Oh , no . You see I'm in the middle of something . Could he wait ? 
text: I'm afraid ... 	labels: All right , all right . He'll get them as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , 332440 . 	labels: Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please ? 
text: I'm afraid he's not in at the moment Dave . He went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet . 	labels: Any idea when he might be back ? 
text: Well , he shouldn't be long . He said he was just going to get some paint . But I wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back . 	labels: OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later . 
text: All right . Goodbye , Dave . 	labels: Thanks then Sally . Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:Whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? Watch out ! 	labels: Hey , watch where you ’ re going ! 
text: Oh , no ! I ’ m so sorry ! Are you all right ? 	labels: Oh ... I don ’ t know . 
text: I feel terrible , I really didn ’ t mean to knock you over . My tire , just exploded , and I lost control of my bike . Really , it was an accident . Please accept my apologies . 	labels: Oh , wait a second , you seem really familiar , I think I know you from somewhere . 
text: Yeah , I think we have met somewhere before . That ’ s right ! We met at Aaron ’ s place last weekend ! What a coincidence ! But anyway , I ’ m glad to see that you ’ re not too badly hurt , and I should probably get going . I have a nine o ’ clock meeting . 	labels: Ouch ! My ankle ! I think it ’ s broken ! You can ’ t just leave me like this ! Are you calling an ambulance ? 	episode_done:True
text:The academy is an important part of the education system . 	labels: I couldn't agree with you more . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear who won the English speech contest ? 	labels: No , who won ? 
text: It's George . 	labels: Really ? I'm surprised . I didn't know his English was that good . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you enjoy that new movie ? 	labels: That movie's just a lot of noise , same as Simon . 
text: Oh , what happened , Carole ? 	labels: I had to go by myself , he couldn't make it . 
text: What ? I met him just before I took off from Kitty's , he said he was coming . 	labels: Kitty's ? He sure gets around , doesn't he ? 
text: Looks like it . So how did he handle it to ? 	labels: His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again . 
text: I think that's a bunch of nonsense . It seemed ok to me . 	labels: I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy . 
text: Doesn't sound promising . 	labels: Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug . 
text: If you want I'll let him know if I run into him . 	labels: Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get to class . 	episode_done:True
text: Right, very anxious! where do you plan to go for a hike?	labels: I am going to Diablo!	episode_done:True
text:Operator . Can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Beijing , China . The number is 2135367 8 , and I want to speak to Mr . Zhang . 
text: To Mr . Zhang in at 2135-3678 ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . 
text: May I have your name and telephone number ? 	labels: My name is Luo Gang , and the phone number is 513-3284 . 
text: Mr . Luo , will you hold the line , please - - - Mr . Luo , there is no Zhang at that number . Will you check the number again , please ? 	labels: What the number I gave you , operator ? 
text: It's 2135-3678 . 	labels: Oh , I'm sorry . should have been 2135-3668 , not 3678 . I've given you a wrong number . 
text: Are you sure this time ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: OK . Let me try again . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you excuse me ? 	labels: For what ? 
text: I ’ Ve got a business call that I really need to take . 	labels: All right . I ’ ll call you back later . 	episode_done:True
text:  Where is your favorite vacation spot?	labels:  Joe and I love to go to Hawaii every summer.
text:  Ted and I have never been there.	labels:  It's a beautiful and relaxing place.
text:  Ted doesn't like beaches.  He likes to sightsee.	labels:  There are many places to sightsee.
text:  I may have to talk him into it.	labels:  We have a lovely condo you could stay in.
text:  How much do you charge?	labels:  We won't charge you.  You're my best friend.	episode_done:True
text:What's the cost of the trousers ? 	labels: $ 90 . 
text: Is there a price reduction ? 	labels: Sorry , sir . The prices here are all fixed . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning.So this is the first day for you to work here , I hope you'll like your job . 	labels: Good morning , Ms.Wilson . I've got a lot to learn from you . I think I'll enjoy working with you . 
text: I hope so.Now let me tell you your duties here.This is your desk.Please sit down . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Your main duty is to answer the phone calls and transfer them to the person wanted . 	labels: I see.What if the person wanted is out ? 
text: In that case , you are supposed to ask the caller to leave a message . 	labels: Is there anything else I should do ? 
text: Yes , you are responsible for keeping all files in order . 	labels: All right . 
text: If you have any questions . I will help you . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm trying to stretch my dollars.	labels:how are you doing that?	episode_done:True
text:Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? 	labels: I ’ m looking for a bookcase , but I don ’ t want to buy a new one . 
text: Are you having any luck ? 	labels: Not really . There aren ’ t any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I ’ ll go to them . 
text: Do you mind if I go with you ? 	labels: Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . 
text: I learned to negotiate 9 from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble ’ s Department Store . 	labels: What happened ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to order dinner . 	labels: What would you like ? 
text: I'd like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare . 	labels: I'm sorry . We're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead ? 
text: I'd prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do . 	labels: And may I suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne ? 
text: Normally , I would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight . 	labels: Okay , no strawberries . Room service will be charged to your amenities account . Is that all right ? 
text: That's fine . 	labels: It will be up shortly . Enjoy your food , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , buddy . Are the fish biting today ? 	labels: They sure are . They are practically jumping in the boat . 
text: Is that so ? Well , what kind of bait are you using ? 	labels: We're catching most of our fish with lures . 
text: Lures ? We're using live bait over here . 	labels: What kind of live bait are you using ? Worms or minnows ? 
text: We're using worms . 	labels: Are you having any luck with the worms ? 
text: No , we haven't even gotten a nibble today . 	labels: That's too bad . Why don't you try using lures instead ? 
text: I would , but I don't have any in my tackle box . 	labels: That's too bad . Well , where are you fishing ? 
text: I'm just fishing from the shore . How about you ? 	labels: We went out in our boat . I have a favorite fishing hole out there . 
text: Sweet.Can you tell me where it is ? 	labels: Oh no , I can't tell you . It's a secret . Say , why don't you go over by the lily pads and try fishing there ? 
text: Do you think that's a good spot ? 	labels: Sure , I used to catch my legal limit of bass there all the time . 
text: Thanks . I think I'll go check that out now . 	labels: Good luck . I hope you each some fish . 	episode_done:True
text:like what, for instance?	labels:i enjoy rock and r&b.	episode_done:True
text:what did you do over the weekend ? 	labels: I went a global warming rally in London . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . 
text: do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ? 	labels: it might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . 
text: like what ? 	labels: well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . 
text: what else can we do to protect the environment ? 	labels: if you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy . 
text: how about recycling ? Does that actually help ? 	labels: yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center . 
text: what do you think is the biggest worry for our future ? 	labels: I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone . 
text: I had no idea you were such as environmentalist before ! 	labels: to be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm throwing a party on friday.	labels:that sounds like fun.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me ! 	labels: May I help you ? 
text: Yes , I'd like to send this book to France . 	labels: Let me weight it first . That'll be 14 dollars . 
text: Can it go in an envelop ? 	labels: Of course , it's 4 dollars now . 
text: Do I need stamps ? 	labels: No , you don't . We use computers now . 
text: When will it arrive ? 	labels: In a month . 	episode_done:True
text:Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ? 	labels: Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing . 	episode_done:True
text:Mike , did you win the lottery or something ? Why the big smile ? 	labels: I'm so relieved . I just passed the bar exam . 
text: You did ? That's great ! You must be very happy now ? 	labels: That's an understatement . I'm on cloud nine . I couldn't be any happier . 
text: Did you tell your parents yet ? 	labels: Not yet . I didn't get a hold of them . I'll try to call them again tonight . 
text: They're probably going to be so happy . 	labels: I think so . It's turning out to be a great day . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you remember John from head office ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Have you heard what happened to him ? 	labels: No , what ? 
text: He had his car stolen . Actually he was kidnapped while he was in the car . 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: Well , apparently , he was just getting into his car-he'd parked it in one of those underground multi-story things-he was just getting in and suddenly three guys with guns opened the back doors of the car and got in . 	labels: Crikey . Where did this happen ? 
text: In Taichung , I think . 	labels: Oh , right , I hear they have a lot of this kind of problem down there . 
text: Really ? Well , anyway , they pointed their guns at him and said , you know , keep calm and drive out . ... we don't want to hurt you ... we just want your car . 	labels: So what happened ? 
text: Well , he drove out , and when he got to the booth to pay the attendant , he pretended to have an epileptic fit , you know , to scare the thieves away . The attendant was no help at all , even though the guys were holding guns in plain view , he did nothing . 	labels: That's terrible . 
text: Yes , makes you think , doesn't it ? 	labels: So what happened next ? 
text: Well , he kept on pretending to have a fit , so they freaked out and just ran away . 	labels: Well , he sure was lucky . 	episode_done:True
text:I feel pity for the old man . 	labels: I feel the same way . 
text: It must be dreadful to grow old . 	labels: It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed . 	episode_done:True
text:that's not the attitude of a good driver.	labels:but i am a good driver. i've never had a ticket in my life.	episode_done:True
text:Hmm, that's not bad.	labels:There's nothing in it.	episode_done:True
text:Tom , I've got good news for you . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: Haven't you heard that your novel has won The Nobel Prize ? 	labels: Really ? I can't believe it . It's like a dream come true . I never expected that I would win The Nobel Prize ! 
text: You did a good job . I'm extremely proud of you . 	labels: Thanks for the compliment . 	episode_done:True
text:I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price . 	labels: I know it is not the cheapest on the market . But if you take the quality factor into consideration , you will find your company will benefit in the long term . This device is built in with the most advanced technology . Every aspect has reached the international standard . It is a worthwhile investment . 
text: I understand that . If you can lower the price by 10 percent , we have a deal right now . 	labels: Well , the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery . That is our best offer . 
text: Err , well , I can ’ t decide right now . Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first ? I will tell you our decision this afternoon . 	labels: Sure , no problem . 	episode_done:True
text:So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ? 	labels: Well , I ’ Ve already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown . 
text: That ’ s cool . Have you already found an apartment to live in ? 	labels: I ’ m planning on living with my parents . Won ’ t you ? 
text: I couldn ’ t even if I wanted to . My parents told me that if I went home , then ’ d have to find my own place . 	labels: You mean they ’ re kicking you out ? 
text: Not really , they just don ’ t want me living at home . My older sister did that , and she lived at home for seven years . Once she started living at home , it got harder and harder for her to move out . 	labels: Well , it ’ s not like my parents want me to live at home the rest of my life . They said that it ’ s ok if I move back home to begin with , but they want me to find a place of my own after a year or so . 
text: My parents just didn ’ t handle my older sister very well , and because of that , they want me to be more independent . They think that it ’ s important that I should learn how to live on my own . 	labels: I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don ’ t have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning ! 	labels: Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? 
text: Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . 	labels: Engaged.Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? 
text: I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . 	labels: How long do you think she'll be ? 
text: I really can't say how long she'll be . 	labels: Can I leave a message , please ? 
text: Yes , certainly . 	labels: Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? 
text: Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:We are here . 	labels: OK . How much is the fare ? 
text: The total is 45 yuan . 	labels: 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? 
text: It is 45 yuan on the meter . 	labels: Is there something wrong with your meter ? 
text: No . I am sure about that . 	labels: OK . Could you give me a receipt ? 	episode_done:True
text:i'd rather be cold than hot.	labels:me too.	episode_done:True
text:Darling , the airplane is going to take off . I have to go . 	labels: Take care ! I will miss you so much . 	episode_done:True
text:Cool camera . What are its features ? 	labels: It's loaded ! For example , it's got a 256 color , LCD screen that rotates 360 degrees , and switches to black and white in power save mode . Also , it has a low-light mode for night shooting and touch screen menu controls that are really convenient . 
text: What about the quality of the pictures ? 	labels: Oh , it's the usual 5600x3200 resolution with 10.0 megapixels . It's got a 5xzoom , so from 28mm to 120mm the pictures look great ! I can change the resolution , too . 
text: Wow ! What about the memory ? 	labels: It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Julia , I know a party that will begin at midnight . Would you love to go ? 	labels: I'd love to , but my mother asks me to go home before 11:00 every night . She will worry if I get home late . 
text: What a pity ! The party is very interesting . 	labels: I have no choice . My mother is always very strict with me . 
text: Don ’ t complain about it . She is concerned about your safety . 	labels: You're right . Mother's love is the greatest love in the world . 	episode_done:True
text:You look a bit dull today . What's up ? 	labels: Well , my mum lost her job yesterday . 
text: I'm sorry to hear that . Well , I heard that registered urban unemployment rate reached 4 percent this year , with more than half being women . 	labels: The supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole . 
text: Yeah , it's true . What is she going to do ? 	labels: Well , she is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community . 
text: That's not bad . It could be a short-term alternative . Your mum can look for another one when the market improves . Things will work out eventually . 	labels: Thank you . I just hope she won't feel pressed . 	episode_done:True
text:you have got to be talented.	labels:thanks.	episode_done:True
text:Egg , this bathroom is a pigsty ! 	labels: Helen , why do you keep flushing the toilet ? What's wrong ? 
text: I just can't stand it . It's really gross in here ! There ' s a stain on the toilet seat , and the floor was wet and slippery . So I cleaned it ! 	labels: You did what ? Helen , I know it's gross , but I ' Ve seen many public washrooms that are much worse . Why are you cleaning the counter top ? are you out of your mind ? 
text: I can't help myself ; it's just so disgusting in here ! 	labels: Helen , this is not like your own bathroom . Just leave it to the cleaners , okay ? 
text: Hang on . I'm just gonna quickly wipe the sink and sweep the floor . 	labels: You're such a neat freak ! I'm outta here ! 	episode_done:True
text:Well , what a nice day ! 	labels: Yeah , the air is really fresh . 
text: But it was not at all so fine yesterday . 	labels: Because it rained last night . 
text: Did it ? 	labels: It sure did . It was a heavy storm , with lots of thunder . 
text: I was fast asleep , and didn't hear a thing . 	labels: Well , it may rain again later today . 
text: Maybe . I see some dark clouds moving in . 	labels: There may also be a strong wind coming in . 
text: It'll be dusty , too , I guess . 	labels: Maybe not . Dust is no longer a big problem in Beijing . 
text: Why is that ? 	labels: We've been planting trees for many years . 
text: I see . The fall in Beijing is really beautiful . 	labels: But the summer isn't . It's scorching in the summer . 
text: Then what about spring ? 	labels: Spring is warm and short in Beijing . 
text: It must be cold in the winter , though . 	labels: You got it . Oh , by the way , it may be really cool in the evening around this time of the year . Don't forget to put on more clothes , or you might catch a cold . 
text: Thanks for reminding me . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:  I forgot my wallet.  Could I borrow some money?	labels:  You always forget your wallet.
text:  I have a bad memory.	labels:  How much do you need?
text:  $20.	labels:  Now, you owe me $40.
text:  Did I borrow $20 before?	labels:  Yes.  You haven't paid me back yet.
text:  I told you that I have a bad memory.	labels:  I hope you don't forget to pay me back.	episode_done:True
text: nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:You're right . Watching movies at home is way cheaper than going to the theater , too . I like downloading movies too because it's easy and fast . 	labels: I agree . And it's very convenient . 
text: Have you ever heard of a movie rental company called Netflix ? They send the movies directly to your house in the mail . 	labels: Really ? That's great ! I'm going to try that next time . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like this one ? 	labels: I don't think that will do . How about the one at your back ? 
text: This one ? 	labels: No , the other one ... yes . 
text: This one is especially built for hard , continuous play . And every detail of workmanship and material has been carefully checked to make it a dependable one for tournament use . 	labels: It do look beautiful . Well . I think I'll take it.Now do you have any racket covers ? 
text: This cover comes with the racket . 	labels: How much does it come up to ? 
text: The mark says six hundred yuan , plus tax , it's six hundred and eighty yuan . 	labels: Do you accept credit cards ? 	episode_done:True
text:Did you punch in ? 	labels: Yes . By the way , you are having a great make-up today . I like the color of your lipstick . So adorable ! 
text: Really ? It took me really a while to find the color . I am happy you like it . 	labels: Well , girls like us are happy to spend our time on those kinds of things . Actually , do we still have a meeting this afternoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:Have we met ? 	labels: I don't think so . Michael . 
text: Hello , Michael . My name's Shirley . Pleased to meet you . 	labels: Pleased to meet you , too , Shirley . So , what do you do ? 
text: I work in marketing . I'm a regional marketing manager for an IT company . Normally , I work out of Beijing , but I'm here on business . My friend Judy over there , she lives here and she invited me to this party . And you ? How about you ? 	labels: I live here . I was invited by George-he's the tall guy over there . He looks a bit drunk , actually ... 	episode_done:True
text:Guess what ! 	labels: What ? 
text: I am going to the mountains with my family this weekend . 	labels: That sounds like fun . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , daughter , let me ask you something . 	labels: Yes , dad ? 
text: Do you have life insurance ? 	labels: Well , no . It just seemed like another bill we ’ d have to pay . 
text: You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ? 	labels: That ’ s true . Well , how much do you think I should get ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know which stop we get off at ? 	labels: We still have more to go , I think . 
text: We've been on this bus for a while now . 	labels: You're right . 
text: Should we have gotten off the bus already ? 	labels: I don't think so . 
text: I thought you knew . 	labels: Maybe we did miss our stop . 
text: Really ? 	labels: I'm positive that we missed our stop . 
text: I'm never catching the bus with you again . 	labels: My mistake . 	episode_done:True
text: Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?	labels: I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it	episode_done:True
text:i'll say. my girlfriend has a nose like a drug dog.	labels:did she catch you using drugs?	episode_done:True
text:who ever heard of such a thing?	labels:oh, look. here's the little sticker that was on it. it's called a pink navel.	episode_done:True
text:Peter , how often do you exercise ? 	labels: Well , I swim and run every day . 
text: Now , tell me , what do you eat ? 	labels: Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . 
text: Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? 	labels: Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . 
text: What do you drink ? 	labels: Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Too ... your face is really oily ... perfect ! 	labels: Why ? Are you planning to stir-fry my face ? 
text: Nope . I'm going to tell your fortune . So ... the oilier , the better . 	labels: You've gone bonkers , Jen . 
text: It's facial paper , and it fits into the rings of my binder ! It's magical . 	labels: OK . Let's see . Give me a sheet . 	episode_done:True
text: How long have we've been waiting for this bus?	labels: Almost one hour. I think it's late.
text: It is late! What is taking this bus driver so long to get here?	labels: Probably traffic. You know how traffic could be on the weekends.
text: That is not a good excuse. Bus drivers should know how to maneuver past traffic.	labels: That's easy for you to say.
text: I just want the bus to arrive already. I want to go home.	labels: It's bound to arrive any minute now.
text: I hope you're right. My patience has all extinguished.	labels: Wait. I think I see it coming in the distance!
text: Thank goodness! I couldn't possibly wait another minute.	labels: False alarm. It was just a truck. Sorry about that.	episode_done:True
text:Are you making what I think you're making ? 	labels: Nothing but the best , Cinnamon toast . 
text: What a nostalgic food ! 	labels: Why the drama ? Have you been watching soap operas ? 
text: No . Just the smell of bread toasting to a perfect golden brown ... 	labels: Brings back memories ? 	episode_done:True
text:i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.	labels:i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.	episode_done:True
text: Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?	labels: Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.	episode_done:True
text:it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.	labels:will you lose all your files?	episode_done:True
text:let's take a walk.	labels:what's the weather like?	episode_done:True
text:This one looks great ! I love the seashore . 	labels: So do I . The sun ... the sand ... the ocean ! 
text: And listen to this ! What do you think of sailing , swimming , windsurfing , and fishing ? 	labels: Oh , Tom ! They sound fantastic . I really like all those things . 
text: Yeah ... me , too . 	labels: Well , except fishing . To be honest , I hate fishing , but I love all the others . 
text: Hey ! Look at this ! We can stay in a big hotel or we can stay in a little cabin by the beach . 	labels: You know . I really don't those big hotels . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like traveling , Kathy ? 	labels: I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ... 
text: Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving . 	labels: Exactly . 	episode_done:True
text: Your Honour, I'd like to challenge this ticket.	labels: What is your reason for challenging this ticket?
text: The police officer did not have the right to issue the ticket.	labels: Can you explain what you mean with that statement?
text: I was rightfully parked. He told me that I was parked in a handicap space.	labels: Well, was it a handicap space?
text: It used to be. It is not anymore.	labels: Well, was there a sign letting you know it was a handicap space?
text: No, because the spot has since been removed.	labels: So, did you explain to the officer that it was no longer a handicap space.
text: I tried, but he wouldn't listen. He said I was trying to get away from paying.	labels: Thank you. I will question the officer, and get his side of the story.	episode_done:True
text:Fancy seeing you here 。 Lily . 	labels: Yeah.What a surprise ! 
text: How's everything going ? 	labels: Fine.thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:My , it looks too queer ! 	labels: Yes , it is a queer drug , a tonic only available in China . Many ancient Chinese medicine journals have recorded that it can cure such ailments as night sweat , pain at loins and knees and anaemia . It has no side effect . 
text: Great ! Will you please tell me how to take it ? 	labels: Yes , madam . Fill 3 or 5 pieces of Cordyceps into a cleaned and chopped open duck's head and cook with the whole duck . Or stew Cordyceps with chicken . 
text: That sounds very interesting ! 	labels: Please don't eat turnip and garlic when taking this medicine . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I take your order now or do you still want to look at the menu ? 	labels: Well , I want a fillet steak , medium , but my little girl doesn't care for steak . Could she have something else instead ? 
text: Certainly . How about spaghetti with clams and shrimps . 	labels: Sounds delicious . OK . She'll try that . 	episode_done:True
text:i've just been working a lot.	labels:whatever the reason may be, i'm glad you visited me.	episode_done:True
text:I'm interested in Chinese antiques . 	labels: We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . 
text: I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . 	labels: How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty . 
text: Oh , they look just like live cranes . 	labels: And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity . 	episode_done:True
text:i add some pepper and salt.	labels:i always put cheese in my salads.	episode_done:True
text:Can I ask for leave this afternoon ? 	labels: What is the problem ? 
text: I had a headache this morning . I didn ’ t pay attention to it . I thought probably it is because I didn ’ t sleep well . But now it is getting worse and worse . I feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very light-sensitive . Maybe it is the migrated . 	labels: It is ok . You look really pale and red eyes . I suggest you go home immediately and have a good rest . 	episode_done:True
text:does it have a price tag?	labels:yes, it does. it's only $20.	episode_done:True
text:How many pieces of luggage do you want to check , sir ? 	labels: I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this carry-on bag with me on board . 
text: Ok.Is this your luggage properly labelled , sir ? 	labels: Yes , it is . 
text: Ok.Would you please put all your luggage on the scales ? 	labels: Sure.How about this carry-on bag ? 
text: Hand-baggage is not to be weighed , sir ... I'm sorry , sir , you're 25 kilos overweight . I'm afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir . 	labels: How much should I pay for the excess weight ? 	episode_done:True
text:Bob refused all his classmates ' invitations . 	labels: I really couldn't understand him . 
text: He is surely a hard nut , nobody likes approaching him . 	labels: We'd better also leave him alone . 	episode_done:True
text:What a great weekend that was ! 	labels: My feelings exactly . 
text: I really enjoy the beach in the summer . 	labels: I couldn't agree with you more . 
text: We should come here more often . 	labels: You are absolutely right . 
text: I'd like to come back next weekend . 	labels: That's exactly the way I feel . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Thank you for the interview . 	labels: No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? 
text: Actually , I enjoy both . 	labels: So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? 
text: I need job security . 	labels: Would you be able to relocate ? 
text: I am open to relocating . 	labels: What are your annual salary requirements ? 
text: I need at least 75,000 per year . 	labels: I ’ ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ’ ll be in touch . 	episode_done:True
text:i can't believe he won the election.	labels:only 15 percent of the voters turned out.	episode_done:True
text:I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some popcorn and Coke . 	labels: Go ahead . Waste your money . 
text: What are you talking about ? We always eat the stuff here . 	labels: Well , I don't ... anymore . 
text: But what's a movie without munchies ? 	labels: I didn't say I was going to deprive myself . 	episode_done:True
text: All the TV stations are going to go digital.	labels: Yes, that will occur next month.
text: Most of them are already broadcasting in digital.	labels: The digital signal is very clear.
text: Oh, no, it isn't!	labels: What do you mean?
text: I can't get a single channel.	labels: Do you have a digital TV?
text: Of course. But I don't have cable.	labels: You don't need to have cable, but you do need a good antenna.
text: But I have rabbit ears.	labels: Rabbit ears aren't strong enough. Buy a digital antenna.	episode_done:True
text:I hear Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam . 	labels: That's good , but I think it's too late . She hasn't studied all semester , and I doubt she can catch up in one week . 	episode_done:True
text:why?	labels:because it will protect you in case of an accident.	episode_done:True
text:I heard there was an accident today . 	labels: Nobody told you what happened ? 
text: Tell me the news . 	labels: A truck turned over on the freeway . 
text: Are you kidding ? 	labels: I am completely serious . 
text: Did anyone get hurt ? 	labels: I believe that two people did get hurt . 
text: Were the injuries minor ? 	labels: I believe so . 
text: That's great to hear . 	labels: Yes , it is . 	episode_done:True
text:i believe so.	labels:good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.	episode_done:True
text:What day is today ? 	labels: It's Thursday , I think . 
text: Tomorrow is Friday . It's going to be the weekend . 	labels: We're busy on weekdays , but we'll have a good rest at the weekend . 	episode_done:True
text:What a wonderful sight ! 	labels: Yes . I've dreamed a thousand times that I could lie down here to relax . 
text: We are tired of jobs and competition . We need a quiet place . 	labels: I'd like to stay here for all my life if possible . 
text: So would I . Look , it might be going to rain . 	labels: I don't think it will spoil our trip . 
text: It will give us better feeling and atmosphere if it rains . 	labels: Let's kick off our shoes to walk on the green flag stoned roads . 	episode_done:True
text:When do we get off the bus ? 	labels: I think we have a while longer . 
text: I feel like we've been on this bus forever . 	labels: That's true . 
text: Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: I thought you knew where we get off at . 	labels: I wasn't really paying attention . I think we missed our stop . 
text: Seriously ? 	labels: Yeah , we definitely missed our stop . 
text: That's the last time I get on a bus with you . 	labels: My bad.sorry ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli ? 	labels: Yes , ma ’ am . How may I help you ? 
text: I need to place an order for a couple of sandwiches and drinks . Can you deliver ? 	labels: Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you deliver it , please ? 	labels: It depends where you live , sir . 
text: In Camden Town . 	labels: Yes , we deliver there . But it costs two pounds fifty . 
text: All right . But I'm only in on Saturday . 	labels: Morning or afternoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:yes, i did.	labels:did you tell her about school?	episode_done:True
text:they say he has started fifteen big fires.	labels:he's been in jail three times already.	episode_done:True
text:How was your test ? 	labels: It was bad . 
text: Oh , honey , you should study harder . 	labels: But I already tried my best . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll tell you something that's good about action movies . The special effects are great ! 	labels: But they are so silly ! They're not art ! 
text: That's just your personal prejudice . Do you know who was the director of the movie Titanic ? 	labels: James Cameron , of course . 
text: Well , did you know he was also the director of The Terminator ? 	labels: Well , nobody's perfect ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . What's the time difference between Beijing and San Francisco ? 	labels: 16 hours . Beijing is 16 hours ahead . 
text: Are we losing or gaining a day on the way to America ? 	labels: We are gaining a day . 
text: So does it mean we're arriving on the same day ? 	labels: That's right . 	episode_done:True
text:If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow . 	labels: I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game . 	episode_done:True
text:I am trying to decide what school to apply to ? 	labels: Are you thinking about a public school or a private one ? 
text: I am not sure . What's the difference between them ? 	labels: Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere . 
text: Which is better ? 	labels: One isn't necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers . 
text: I hear you have to wear uniforms at private schools . 	labels: Yes , sometimes . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , what can I do for you ? 	labels: Um ... Hello , I would like to open an account . 
text: OK ! What kind of account do you want to open ? 	labels: I want to open a current account . 
text: I will open it for you right now . 	labels: What's the minimum deposit for opening a current account ? 
text: It's 10 yuan . How much money do you want to deposit ? 	labels: Well , here's 3,000 yuan . 
text: Please write down your name , address and the amount of your deposit here . And please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it . 	labels: OK , here you are . 
text: Thank you . Please confirm your information and sign your name in the blank . 	labels: Done ! What else should I do ? 
text: That's all . Here's your bank card , and here's the certificate of deposit . Bring your bank card with you every time you come to deposit or withdraw money . 	labels: OK . Thanks . Goodbye ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Is there a room available tonight ? 	labels: What kind of room do you have in mind ? 
text: I ’ d like a twin room , please . 	labels: Hold on , please . I'm afraid we're fully booked.The only room available at the moment is a suite . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you think the bad weather will last long ? 	labels: I don't think so . It changes so quickly this time . 
text: I hope so . We have planed to visit the square but we have to cancel it . 	labels: I think you can go to visit the museum . It's worth seeing . You can go to the square some other time . 	episode_done:True
text:that means it gets twice as much traffic.	labels:you're right.	episode_done:True
text:i said i have to go to the bathroom.	labels:that's what i thought you said.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . Can you do me a favor ? 	labels: Sure . What is it ? 
text: My car has broken down . 	labels: You should telephone the garage for help . 
text: I have done it . But now I have an urgent appointment to keep . Could you drive me to the subway station ? 	labels: With pleasure . Get in . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to have a continental breakfast . 	labels: OK , here you are . 
text: Well , could I have coffee instead of orange juice ? 	labels: Of course , you can . Wait a moment . 	episode_done:True
text:Wangfujing Grand Hotels . How can I help you ? 	labels: Do you have any rooms available next Saturday and Sunday night ? 
text: Could you hold the line , please ? I will check out our room availability for those days ... Yes . we have a few vacancies next weekend . We have double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in Japanese , Roman . French and presidential styles , which one do you like best ? 	labels: A double room , please . 
text: OK . Could I have your name , please ? 	labels: My name is Monica Cellar . 
text: OK , Ms . Monica . I've reserved a double room for you next Saturday and Sunday night . We will see you then ! 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i need pencils.	labels:anything else?	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I'm a transit passenger for this flight . Can you tell me where to go ? 
text: Let me see . Oh , you're at the wrong gate . Your plane leaves from Gate No . 8 . 	labels: Really ? I hope it hasn ’ t left without me . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor . 	labels: That depends . What is it ? 
text: It's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loan me some cash until I get paid ? 	labels: I'd love to help you out , but I'm a bit short on cash this month as well . I had to get a new engine put into my car , and that ate up my savings . 
text: If you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise . 	labels: Let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now . 
text: Thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place . 	labels: That'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over ? 
text: How about at 6 pm ? 	labels: See you then ! 	episode_done:True
text:You're going to have coffee , aren't you ? 	labels: Yes . I could use a cup of coffee . 
text: Are you going to have anything to eat ? 	labels: French toast sounds good . What are you going to order ? 	episode_done:True
text:Let's eat out . 	labels: Good idea . 	episode_done:True
text:golf is a silly game.	labels:it certainly is.	episode_done:True
text: Norm, do you like to sing?	labels: I wish I could sing, but no, I don't sing. 
text: Yeah, OK. Neither do I. Do you like dancing? 	labels: Yes, I do. 
text: OK. Uh..what kind of dancing do you like?	labels: Oh, just not ballroom dancing, but just the ordinary one, you know, the just kind of just normal...nothing special. 
text: Nothing special, no. OK. Do you like to cook? 	labels: Yes, I do. 
text: OK. What, what do you like to cook?	labels: I like to cook vegetables, yeah. Vegetables! OK. 
text: And do you like to exercise? 	labels: Very much so I go, I used to go to the gym three times a week before I arrived in Tokyo. 
text: OK. 	labels: Yeah, I used to go to a gym, but now I just run. 
text: Last one! do you like to clean? 	labels: I like a clean place, but I don't really like to clean, no! † 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Bill . It's Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd . How are you ? 	labels: Hello , Marsha , I haven't heard from you in a long time . I'm great , and you ? 
text: Not too bad at all . Do you have a minute ? 	labels: Sure , what can I do for you ? 
text: We're getting ready to place our Christmas orders and we need to know about how much it's going to run this year.You know , so we can have the funds put aside . 	labels: I'm really busy right now . I got a lot on my plate.So this isn't an actual bid you want but just a ballpark figure ? 
text: Right , a ballpark figure is fine , and slant it a little high if you have to . 	labels: Well , I can give you those figures now over the phone , is that okay ? Or do you need them in writing ? 
text: It's going to be shown to the Board so I need it in writing.Make all the prices subject to confirmation so you can't be held to them . How soon can I have it ? 	labels: Is this another rush , dear ? Did you forget and wait until the last minute again ? 
text: Yeah , I'm afraid so . I really need your help here . 	labels: Well , just because it's you . Tomorrow , say around noon . 	episode_done:True
text:what are you reading?	labels:it's about crime in los angeles.	episode_done:True
text:Let's start the interview with some questions . Tell me about yourself and your past experience . 	labels: I have 10 years financial industry experience , working for several companies . For the past two years , I have been working in an investment banking . In addition to my analytical mindset , I have a background of solid accounting principles . I am a team player and have great communication and interpersonal skills . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments . 
text: What finance experience have you had that qualifies you for this position ? 	labels: My background and experience include working on a variety of projects and jobs in the financial industry . Most of my experience has been behind the scenes , doing the calculations . I want to work with clients and continue to grow and be challenged . 
text: Why did you leave your last position ? 	labels: I'm not finding the work as challenging as I used to . I want to find a job that is stimulating , where I can grow . 
text: What are your strengths and weaknesses ? 	labels: One of my strengths is my ability to be flexible . I've seen companies go through many changes in structure and management philosophy . I've had to adjust my style to the new environment several times . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But by being aware of my tendency to overwork , I have learned to pace myself more and work less overtime . 
text: How would your boss describe you and your work style ? 	labels: She'd say I have a lot of initiative , I see the big picture and I do what has to be done . Second , I always meet deadlines . If I say I'm going to do something , I do it . Lastly , I have the ability to focus on what I'm working on I am not easily distracted . 
text: What are your salary expectations ? 	labels: I'm sure whatever you offer will be a fair amount for a person with my qualifications . Salary is not the most important factor to me . I'm looking for opportunity . 
text: Do you have any questions ? 	labels: Yes , I do . What do you see as the future trends for the industry ? 	episode_done:True
text:Is this our bus stop ? 	labels: I think this is it . Get off . 
text: Dude , where are we at ? 	labels: I have no idea . 
text: I thought this was the right stop . 	labels: It doesn't look right to me . 
text: Did you make us get off early ? 	labels: I think we did . 
text: I should not have listened to you . 	labels: I really thought this was our stop . 
text: Now we have to walk . 	labels: Maybe we should just wait for the next bus . 	episode_done:True
text:Ah , ah , ah ... 	labels: All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . 
text: Jog ? 	labels: Then , you are to walk to work . 
text: Walk ? 	labels: Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . 
text: Oh no . 	labels: Use the stairs , never the elevator . 
text: Oh , dear . 	labels: And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . 
text: Oh no . 	labels: OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class . 
text: Dance class ! I don't know how . 	labels: You will . 	episode_done:True
text:We have received your resume in answer to our ads . I would like to talk with you regarding your qualification for this position , OK ? 	labels: It is my honor to have this chance for this interview . Well , my major is commercial English . You know , and I am not only familiar with useful English expressions in business , but also learn some theories on this field . Besides , during my college learning period , I also attended some commercial activities to strive for the opportunity of practicing what I learned . 
text: What is your greatest weakness ? 	labels: Well , I was a diligent student when I stayed in my college . I dislike meeting the deadline , when I am working on a project . I am always willing to complete it well ahead of the schedule . 
text: What is the greatest disappointment in your life ? 	labels: Well , I lost my grandpa when I was only ten . I often recall the period when he fed me . 
text: Well done ! Another question ! When will you start work , if you are hired ? 	labels: I will start my work at the beginning of next month . 	episode_done:True
text: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	labels: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	episode_done:True
text:about what?	labels:about finding a job for me.	episode_done:True
text:What is your greatest strength ? 	labels: I feel my greatest asset is perseverance , that is , the ability to stick to things to get them done . 
text: Why do you say that ? 	labels: I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ? 	labels: I am sorry . I can ’ t hear your very clearly . Could you say that again , please ? 
text: Does Mark Wyatt work there ? 	labels: Mark Wyatt ? I am sorry . The line is terrible.Could you spell that for me , please ? 
text: W-Y-A-T-T , Mark Wyatt . 	labels: W-Y-A-T-T , Got it . I haven ’ t heard of the name.Could you hold on the line when I check . 	episode_done:True
text:So where is this mystery restaurant that we are going to ? 	labels: It ' s an Indian restaurant ! I know you have never had Indian food , so I thought you might want to try . 
text: That sounds great ! I am craving some type of beef dish . 	labels: Well , Indian cuisine actually doesn ' t serve beef . You see , cows are a sacred animal , a very important element in the Hindu religion , so beef is not eaten . 
text: I see , so what are we having ? Chicken ? 	labels: There are many amazing dishes to choose from . We can have some chicken tikka masala which is an amazing curry . It ' s a bit spicy , but I think you can handle it . 
text: Sounds good ! I have always heard that Indian spices give a rich flavor to food . 	labels: Yeah . Also , we can have some Naan bread which is baked in a tandoori oven . Since you don ' t use any utensils to eat , you can use this bread to scoop up the curry or rice . 
text: What about veggies ? 	labels: They have a good variety of vegetable-based dishes like talak panter , vegetable samosas or daal . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Jenny . You look like you are in a hurry to somewhere . Where are you going ? 	labels: I am going to the bank . I need to cash some checks . 
text: That's great . We can go to the bank together . 	labels: Why are you going there ? 
text: I will go to Japan on business for 5 days next Tuesday . I want to exchange some Japanese yen . 	labels: I see . Will you bring a lot of money with you ? 
text: Not really . I plan to bring some cash and withdraw money at the ATM in Japan . 	labels: Do you have the bank card in Japan ? 
text: Nope . You can use the credit card to withdraw the money in foreign countries . 	labels: That sounds really convenient . Do you pay extra money to enjoy this service ? 
text: No . It is free of charge . 	labels: Great ! I will apply for a credit card when I go to the bank later . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning . 	labels: What ’ s up ? 
text: I want to say goodbye . I ’ m leaving for America tomorrow . 	labels: America ? Did you get admit to MIT ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Congratulations ! Susan . I ’ m so happy for you . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Really going to miss you . 
text: Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call . 	labels: Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Look after yourself . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:What did you major in ? 	labels: I major in Chemistry . 
text: What is your specialty ? 	labels: Organic Chemistry is my specialty . 	episode_done:True
text:Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ? 	labels: I don ’ t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me . 
text: Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ’ t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too . 	labels: Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you ? 
text: Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that sound ? 	labels: That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons . 
text: The pleasure ’ s all mine , Rebecca . 	labels: I hope to hear from you very soon . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm so angry . I feel like killing someone . 	labels: Calm down . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you show me some table-cloths ? 	labels: Certainly . ( Take a table-cloth to her ) 
text: How much is it ? 	labels: A table-cloth of this size and style is 15 Yuan . 
text: That ’ s reasonable . 	labels: If you take good care of it , it will last you quite a number of years . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Will you please keep an eye on my suitcase ? I just want to make a phone call . 	labels: Certainly , but will it take long ? 
text: No , I'll be right back . 	labels: OK . I'll look after it then . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , how have you been doing ? 	labels: I haven ’ t been able to take a deep breath lately , and I need to know why . 
text: Have you had any type of bug lately ? 	labels: No , I ’ Ve been feeling fairly good most of the time . It just is hard to breathe . 
text: Has anyone ever told you that you have allergies ? 	labels: No one has ever checked me for allergies . 
text: Does this happen more when you are under stress ? 	labels: When the weather gets really cold , it gets worse . 
text: I am going to refer you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma . 	labels: Thank you for pursuing this . I appreciate your help . 	episode_done:True
text:Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ? 	labels: That depends . What does she look like ? 
text: Well , she's got a beautiful face and long curly red hair . 	labels: How tall is she ? 
text: She's fairly tall , maybe 2 inches taller than me . 	labels: Is she chubby ? 
text: Not at all . She's actually very athletic . 	labels: It sounds like she's pretty good-looking . Does she wear glasses ? 
text: No , but she does wear contact lenses . 	labels: How's her skin ? 
text: She's got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose . 	labels: Does she have any piercings or tattoos ? 
text: I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos 	labels: What's the tattoo on her foot like ? 
text: It's a butterfly - everyone in her family has one . 	labels: Even her mom ? 
text: Yes , even her mom . 	labels: What's her personality like ? 
text: She's a lot like me . 	labels: So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true ! 	episode_done:True
text:this friday? sorry, i already have plans.	labels:doing what?	episode_done:True
text:Morgan , can I ask you a question ? 	labels: sure , what is it ? 
text: I was just wondering if many Chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant . 	labels: in most cities in China , doggie bags are quite uncommon . 
text: what happen to all the leftover food ? 	labels: it usually goes to the dump . 
text: that seems like an awful waste ! Why don't people order fewer dishes so that they don't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ? 	labels: ordering a lot of food at restaurants is just a tradition in China . You know , in the past , people could not afford to eat out like they can today . 
text: I guess that makes sense . I just think it would make more sense to take the leftovers home . 	labels: well , if you want , you can take the leftovers home . 
text: no , that's OK . You know what they say when in Rome ... 	labels: I was impressed that you tried the pig's feet . I heard that many foreigners don't like to eat them . 
text: many people in my generation don't eat pig's feet , but my parents grew up eating them , so I think they are OK . 	labels: did you like them ? You could take the last one home with you . 	episode_done:True
text: Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.	labels: Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.	episode_done:True
text:Look ! Someone is celebrating his birthday . 	labels: This must be his 21st birthday . No doubt about it . 
text: Why ? Do you know that guy ? 	labels: No . Well , in America , 21 is the age when you're allowed to drink . So , many guys celebrate it in bars . 
text: That's interesting . But it would be really expensive , I suppose . Just think about all the drinks . 	labels: No . If it's your birthday , then you don't need to pay a cent . Just blow out the candles and open the gifts . That makes the birthday a special day . Your friends will take care of everything . 
text: Wow . That's wonderful . 	labels: What about in China ? What'd you do to celebrate your birthday ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Juliet , I'm treating Mr.Li and his team members from Galp to dinner tomorrow evening.Where do you think I should take them ? 	labels: Well , Mr.Li has very good taste in wine , and Galp is one of the biggest clients . I suggest you take them to a decent French restaurant . Make sure you make a very good impression . 
text: That's a good idea . Which one do you recommend ? The Pairszone ? 	labels: Or Lapis . They are both listed this year glory magazine for have most of frantic Fetch cuisine in town . But I heard Lapis has a better wine selection . 
text: We'll go to the place . Could you book a table for 4 at 7 PM ? 	labels: Sure . 	episode_done:True
text:It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place . It gave me a good idea of your product range . 	labels: It ’ s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers . What ’ s your general impression , may I ask ? 
text: Very impressive , indeed , especially the speed of your NW Model . 	labels: That ’ s our latest development . A product with high performance . We put it on the market just two months ago . 
text: The machine gives you an edge over your competitors , I guess . 	labels: Certainly . No one can match us as far as speed is concerned . 
text: Could you give me some brochures for that machine ? And the price if possible . 	labels: Right . Here is our sales catalog and literature . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to come over for dinner tonight ? 	labels: Sure , but I have to tell you that I've become a vegetarian . I don't eat any kind of meat . 
text: When did you decide to become a vegetarian ? 	labels: I saw a program a few months ago about how animals are raised for human consumption . I haven't been able to eat a single piece of meat since . 
text: That's great . Do you find that you eat a lot more fruit and vegetables now ? 	labels: Definitely . I've also been buying organic fruit and vegetables , which is more expensive , but much better for you because they don't have any pesticides on them . 
text: You've really turned into a health nut , haven't you ? 	labels: I guess you could say that . Eating fruit and vegetables helps keep you healthy . I've lost 5 pounds and I feel great ! 
text: How do you get enough protein in your diet ? 	labels: Well , I eat a lot more tofu , beans , nuts and some fish . 
text: Well , don't worry about dinner . I'll only make vegetarian dishes for you . Do you like sushi ? 	labels: I prefer cooked fish to raw fish , but if you really like it , make it . 
text: How about a spicy tofu and vegetable stir-fry ? 	labels: That sounds great . What time should I come over ? 
text: Dinner will be ready at about 7:30 pm , so you can come over at 7 p . m . 	labels: Sounds good . See you there ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I have a doctor ’ s appointment scheduled with Dr . Smith , and I need to change it . 	labels: What day did you have it scheduled for ? 
text: My appointment was on Tuesday . 	labels: What time was it scheduled for ? 
text: It was for two o ’ clock in the afternoon . 	labels: I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to ? 
text: I would like to switch it to next Friday . 	labels: What time would you like ? 
text: I would like to come in at 10 	labels: Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then . 	episode_done:True
text:Now tell me , what's your problem ? 	labels: I don't feel like eating . And I cannot sleep well . 
text: Do you have a fever ? 	labels: Yes , a low fever . I feel terrible . Am I dying ? 
text: Certainly not . Take one of these white pills three times a day . 	labels: Before the meals or after the meals ? 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd.My name is Michael . 	labels: Hold on for a moment . ( a few minutes later ) I have cancelled your reservation.Shall I make another one for you ? 
text: No , thanks . 	labels: I see . Please call us again for any further reservation.Thanks for calling us . 	episode_done:True
text:Taxi ! Taxi ! 	labels: Where to , sir ? 
text: I ’ d like to go to the railway station please . 	labels: Please hop in . 
text: Is it a long run to the station ? 	labels: It ’ ll take about 20 minutes . 
text: The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ? 	labels: Yes , they are . 
text: Is it the rush hour now ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry sir ? 
text: No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ? 	labels: Yes , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you . 	labels: Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ... 
text: This has been the worst and best day of my life , Taylor . They kept you in the hospital , and ... 	labels: I'll tell you all about it another day . 
text: But you're OK ? It was nothing serious , was it ? 	labels: You ladies look very elegant in black . But I don't want you to wear black in my honor for a long time yet to come ... 	episode_done:True
text:Jenny , you should go to bed now . 	labels: But it's still early . 
text: Don't stay up late . 	labels: But Day . I'm not sleepy . 	episode_done:True
text:the city is buying guns.	labels:what are they paying?	episode_done:True
text:Where's the nearest bank ? 	labels: It's just around the corner 	episode_done:True
text:Room service.May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , the food you have just sent here is cool.Would you please heat them up ? 
text: I am sorry for that.We will send someone to your room right now . 	labels: That's fine . Quickly please , we are so hungry . 	episode_done:True
text:Look ! Allen has the mike ! 	labels: I thought he only liked to listen ? 
text: That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it anymore , so he decided to give it a try himself ! Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Enrique Iglesias ! 	labels: And he can move , too ! He dances like Ricky Martin ! 	episode_done:True
text:It has been really nice talking to you.	labels:Yes. It was a great pleasure meeting you.	episode_done:True
text:My friend Emily recently lost 18 pounds . 	labels: Oh , really ? 
text: The point is that she has been persuading me to lose weight too . 	labels: Well , it's a good thing for you . 
text: Good ? Yes , it's good for her but not for me . You see , she tells me that I'll feel better about myself if I slim down . She keeps giving me newspaper clippings about the latest miracle diet and insists that I join a health club , as she has . 	labels: So you don't think you are fat and need to lose weight ? 
text: I just can't bear it that Emily made me feel like a baby who always pigs out on junk food . 	labels: junk food is not good for your health . Too much of it will make you fat . 
text: But junk food is so easy . It requires no silverware or plates , no rigid mealtimes , no pleases and thank yous . 	labels: Ok , but junk food has many disadvantages . As junk food contains high amount of oil and fat , you'll feel sleepy , but not be able to concentrate when you have a lot of it . 
text: Yes , but life without chips , ice cream and coca cola is boring . 	labels: Let me see . You could exercise more to keep fit . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, it's better to get there too early than too late.	labels:i agree.	episode_done:True
text:Ladies and Gentlemen , this is the Statue of Liberty . It's one of the American symbol . 	labels: It's really spectacular . 
text: The statue has for a century acted as a figurehead for the American Dream . 	labels: I think we can climb to the top , can't we ? 	episode_done:True
text:What a pity you are leaving so soon . I wish you could stay a few more days . Sir , can you deliver a speech for us ? 	labels: Dear friends . Here , I wish to say a word of thanks for holding this send-off party for me . Actually I didn't expect at all for this . I owe a lot to all of you here . It's been 5 days since I came to visit here . Time really flies . I feel grateful for your welcome and help in the five days . I will miss you while I am leaving . Let's keep in touch in any way . What's more , to the success of our face-to-face meeting , to the upcoming cooperation of our two companies , bottom up ! 
text: Cheers ! And we are honored to have such an honored guest today . Mr . James , I hope we will meet somewhere in the near future . 	labels: Madam , we also welcome you to visit our company . I hope you can also bring your family there to have a look of our company . In this way , we will know each other better . 	episode_done:True
text:How large is the plant ? 	labels: It covers an area of 75,000 square meters . 
text: It ’ s much larger than I expected . When was the plant set up ? 	labels: In the early 70s . We ’ ll soon be celebrating the 30th anniversary . 
text: Congratulations ! 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How many employees do you have in this plant ? 	labels: 500 . We ’ re running on three shifts . 
text: Does the plant work with everything from the raw material to the finished product ? 	labels: Our associates specializing in these fields make some access - ries . Well , here we ’ re at the production shop . Shall we start with the assembly line ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person ! 	labels: Hello sir . Good to meet you , too . 
text: Oh , please don't call me sir . Just call me Jason . 	labels: Ok , Jason . So how was the flight ? 
text: Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over the Pacific Ocean but it wasn't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night ! 	labels: Really ? But you were in first class ! Nobody woke that guy up ? 
text: The stewardess said it's not company policy to wake people up for any reason . 	labels: That's terrible ! So you didn't get any sleep ? 
text: Not much ... but that's ok ... I'm a night owl anyway . 	labels: So , aside from visiting our factory and offices , are there any other things you want to accomplish while you're in China ? 
text: I'd love to squeeze in a trip to the Great Wall . 	labels: That's not a problem . We can have a company car take you there . It's only about a two hour drive . 	episode_done:True
text:Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ? 	labels: I had a drop too much last night . I attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of mine . And it was startling for me to find that people are forced to drink against their will on a Chinese table . 
text: you have it right . Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in China . Drinking with business partners or would-be friends is a way of solidifying friendship , especially in Northern China . 	labels: I just felt embarrassed if I refused to drink when people toasted to me . But if I keep gulping down one cup after another , I'm afraid I would feel unfit or sick . 
text: you lose face by refusing to drink , and the host might think you refuse to give him face . The right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . This will endear you 	labels: a few guys even threw a drunken fit last night , crying hoarsely and bawling whole heaps of nonsense that I never understood . 
text: then he must be opening his heart to the friends . In a word , as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort , no one will jeer at you . 	labels: I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway . 	episode_done:True
text:What should I do when I find a job ? 	labels: There are a few considerations . Is this a part-time or full-time job ? 
text: Does it make a difference ? 	labels: Basically , you really don ’ t need to do much of anything . On the Continued Claim Form , you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning . 
text: If I get work for a few weeks , will I be terminated from EDD ? 	labels: You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work . You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing ? 	labels: What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Don ’ t you know what day it is ? 
text: Mumm . no . 	labels: It ’ s only the day when the world ’ s biggest sporting event is kicking off . 
text: What ? 	labels: The World Cup ! The first match is today ! It ’ s Mexico vs . South Africa ! It ’ s going to be a really good match ! Both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . I think that South Africa 
text: I have no idea what you ’ re talking about . The only sporting event we watch at home is the Super Bowl . 	labels: This is bigger than the Super Bowl , man ! Teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . They first start in a group stage with bigger groups , each g 
text: Sounds interesting , but soccer doesn ’ t really appeal to me . 	labels: Are you kidding ? Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the World Cup ! It ’ s a very exciting and nerve wracking sport ! Each nation is cheering on their team , hoping they will bec 
text: All I know about soccer is that you can ’ t use your hands and that players are always falling down , trying to get a free kick or penalty kick . It seems like a sissy sport to me ! 	labels: Whatever , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Can I talk to David ? 	labels: One second , please . ( a few seconds later , the receiver comes back and says ) Hello ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: I ’ m sorry . David is out to lunch right now . 
text: Okay . I ’ m his wife . Could you tell him to call me back when he returns ? 	labels: Sure . Does he know where to call you ? 
text: Oh , thanks . Please tell him to call my cell-phone number . 	labels: Ok , I will . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:What about the working hours ? 	labels: Working conditions are very relaxed . You may work whatever hours you want , provided you get your job done properly . 
text: I like flexible hours . 	labels: Would you mind changing the position or working place you've applied for ? 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle . 	labels: Well , it is hard to say . At least you need to come up with a good reason . 
text: Actually , it is my mother ’ s wedding . My parents divorced many years ago . Now she is ready to establish a new family . It is a special occasion . I ’ Ve got to be there , right ? 	labels: Yes , you should be there . Go find the manager and ask . I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off . Don ’ t forget to fill in the leave application form . It will be signed by the manager for approval . 	episode_done:True
text:What is the matter ?	labels:I am confused about vacations.	episode_done:True
text:My mom and dad insist that I be home before ten . Do you have a curfew ? 	labels: Yes . I've had one for as long as I can remember . 
text: I wish my parents were a little more lenient . 	labels: I actually like having a curfew . I have an excuse to get to bed on time . 
text: You like going to bed early ? 	labels: I don't like being too tired the next day . 
text: Well , I still hate having a curfew . 	labels: If you stayed up much later , you would see that just about every-thing closes around ten anyway . 	episode_done:True
text: I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies	labels: it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature	episode_done:True
text:You ’ re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ Ve been got all his albums and most of his films on DVD . I adore him . He ’ s my idol . 
text: How come you don ’ t have all of his films on DVD ? 	labels: Some of his early films are hard to find nowadays , especially the ones where he only played a bit part . 
text: I see . I ’ m sure you ’ ll find them one day . I see you also have several poster of him . 	labels: Yes . These posters are new . I bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday . 
text: Are you a member of his fan club ? 	labels: I was , but then I discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so I ’ m not a member now . 
text: Did you see the interview with Andy Lau in cosmopolitan magazine last month ? 	labels: Of course ! I bought two copies . 	episode_done:True
text:Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late . 	labels: It's nothing . It's not the first time anyway . 
text: Oh , come on . I will be back as early as possible . 	labels: I hope so . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about half day kindergarten for Stacey ? 	labels: We could try it for the first few weeks and see if she likes it . 
text: I just think it will be a little difficult for her to be away from home for so long right off the bat . 	labels: You have a good point . She hasn't really ever been away from home for longer than a few hours . 
text: I think she is really going to like her teacher though . 	labels: Yes , they seemed to click at the meeting the other day . 
text: Did you happen to notice if she was interested in any of the other kids ? 	labels: No , but I did notice that she was very interested in the art supplies ! 	episode_done:True
text:Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ? 	labels: I don ’ t see any problem , only the car is a bit old . 
text: Oh you ’ re so kind ! 	labels: Get in . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm down to go to the record store.	labels:I haven't been there in a while.	episode_done:True
text: How's your day going?	labels: pretty good. yours?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . sir . How may I serve you today ? 	labels: I'd like a cup of mocha . 
text: Sure . Large or medium ? 	labels: Medium , please . 
text: Anything else to go ? 	labels: Yeah . give me a chocolate bar also . 
text: You've got it . 	labels: Please have them wrapped . I'll take them away . 
text: Sure . It's seven eighty-nine . 	labels: Here's eight dollars . Keep the change . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , Mr . Dome ’ s office . 	labels: This is Denise , Mr . Bruce ’ s Secretary . I was calling to confirm his meeting tomorrow with Mr . Dome at 4 o ’ clock . 
text: Yes , it ’ s confirmed for here in our office . 	labels: Is your address still 1150 Lake Road ? 
text: Yes , that ’ s correct . 	labels: Ok . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas . 	labels: Welcome to ABC Company . We have been expecting you , please have a seat . I will call him . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Mr . Thomas will be here very soon . In the meantime , may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes ? 
text: Should each of us write separately ? 	labels: Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see . 	episode_done:True
text:I've got an idea . Let's make this game even more interesting . 	labels: How ? Do you want to play strip-trivia or something ? 
text: Well , if you want to ! Seriously , though , let's make a bet . 	labels: Why don't we just make it a friendly game ? 	episode_done:True
text:Professor , excuse me , but I need to leave early . 	labels: What seems to be the problem ? 
text: I am not feeling well . 	labels: What is bothering you ? 
text: I think I am beginning to have an asthma attack . 	labels: Would you like someone to walk you over to the Student Health Center ? 
text: No , I think that I should just go home because I have some medicine there . 	labels: Do you need a ride home ? 
text: I live in the dorms across the street , so I ’ ll be OK . 	labels: OK , then , hope you feel better soon . Check your e-mail for missed assignments . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? 	labels: You really should go to Rachel's pet store . 
text: Why ? anything special there ? 	labels: It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . 
text: Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? 	labels: Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . 
text: That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . 	labels: Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? 
text: Why not ? it's so cool . 	labels: But it will pose a risk to your health . 
text: Pardon ? 	labels: I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . 
text: Well , I didn't realize that . 	labels: I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children . 
text: Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet . 	labels: Yes , good luck , Maria . 	episode_done:True
text:Shall we go for a drive today ? 	labels: It feels like there's going to be rain later . 
text: Maybe you're right . 	labels: We'll go tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? 	labels: I'm allergic to these things , you know . 
text: Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither . 	labels: Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice . 
text: Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ’ Ve got enough food . Let ’ s go over to the check-out stand . 	labels: OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by . 	episode_done:True
text:You may not remember me.My name is Joe Brown . 	labels: Yes , of course . I'm Jimmy White . 
text: Nice to see you again . 	labels: Same here . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you check the internet for next week's weather forecast ? 	labels: I sure did . You're in luck ! It's supposed to snow all week in the mountains ! 
text: Yes ! Somebody up there loves me ! I knew it wasn't too late for snow . 	labels: It is kind of strange though , to have snow in April , and so much of it . 
text: There have been so many dry winters lately that it's about time , don't you think ? 	labels: When you put it that way , I guess the skies can't hold out on us forever . 
text: This will be the best ski trip I've ever taken . I can't wait to use my new hoard . 	labels: It will be the best as long as the weatherman is right . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Sue . What's up ? 	labels: Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work ? 
text: Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently . 	labels: Really ? What's he been doing ? 
text: You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now . 	labels: Are you ? What are you busy with ? 	episode_done:True
text: I got accepted to all of the schools I applied to.	labels: Congrats! You totally deserve it.
text: How many schools did you apply to?	labels: I applied to six.
text: What was your first reaction when you got into your dream school?	labels: I was shocked. My heart stopped.
text: I know the feeling. It's a great one.	labels: It is. I don't even know what school to pick now. 
text: Same here. Who knew getting accepted would have problems?	labels: It's a good problem!
text: Hey, we should visit schools together.	labels: That would be fun!	episode_done:True
text:Is our destination the amusement park ? 	labels: Yes , I think even though we are adults , it's still a good place for us to relax . 
text: What are you going to enjoy ? 	labels: I want some exciting . Which is more fun , the roller coaster or the ferris wheel ? 
text: I like neither . 	labels: Come on . Here is for enjoying and exciting . 
text: OK , let me think . The roller coaster looks more fun . 	labels: I like ferris wheel more . 
text: It doesn't matter . We can go to the ferris wheel later . 	labels: OK , let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you watch a lot of TV ? 	labels: Not really . I could take it or leave it . 
text: Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on . 	labels: How can you do that ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Becky , what's up ? 	labels: Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . 
text: What's the problem ? 	labels: She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . 
text: For example ? 	labels: Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . 
text: No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . 	labels: It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids . 	episode_done:True
text:It is really close to an A.	labels:You know I don't round up.	episode_done:True
text:I need to eat something . 	labels: You just ate . 
text: I know , but I'm hungry again . 	labels: There's no food left from dinner . 
text: I think I'm going to go make myself a snack . 	labels: Do you know what kind of snack that you want ? 
text: I'm not exactly sure . 	labels: Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something ? 
text: I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make . 	labels: A PB & J is pretty easy to make . 
text: I'm going to do that . 	labels: Knock yourself out . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to go out for dinner tonight ? 	labels: Sure . Have you got anywhere in mind ? 
text: I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions . 	labels: That Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there ? 
text: I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy . 	labels: If you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road ? 
text: I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy . 	labels: You're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us . 
text: The Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food . 	labels: The Taj it is then . 
text: Shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money ? 	labels: They'll still charge us a corkage fee . 
text: That's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway . 	labels: Don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight . 
text: Are you sure ? We could go Dutch . 	labels: No , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time . 	episode_done:True
text:How did you choose courses when you were abroad ? 	labels: That's a very good question . Choosing proper courses and effectively planning a college schedule is very important to the progress toward your educational goal . In order to do these wisely and effectively , you should consult with a Program Adviser or Academic Counselor . 
text: Wait a minute . There are some new terms for me . I can hardly follow you . 	labels: Ok , I will go into more detail . A Program Adviser or an Academic Counselor is usually an experienced professor who is responsible for all the necessary academic counseling through graduation . You can discuss with him the program selection , changing or adding a program , the requirements for graduation , and other problems related to your study . You will choose some courses , and then discuss with the adviser whether your choice can meet the requirements for graduation . 
text: Everything is so new to me . I think I'll have to experience a very difficult period when I get there . 	labels: Sure , very difficult . 
text: I am very grateful for your advice . 	labels: It's my pleasure to talk with you . 	episode_done:True
text:is that right?	labels:i didn't hear anything about it.	episode_done:True
text:I am unsure how to add a class and need help . 	labels: I have an opening . Do you have an add sheet for me to sign ? 
text: Yes , I have an add sheet . 	labels: After I sign it , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is ? 
text: No , I'm not sure . 	labels: When you cross the quad , the office is right in front of you . Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line . 
text: Thanks . I understand what to do now . 	labels: It should be easy to find . After you add the class , check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet . 
text: That sounds good . 	labels: Good , just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:It seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily . That is what a good salesman needs . Good luck . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: I guess we have covered all the stuff that we need to discuss and it's time to say goodbye . 	labels: Yes , goodbye and keep in touch . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? 	labels: No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . 
text: Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? 	labels: One dollar . 
text: How many stops are there ? 	labels: Two stops after this one . 
text: Could you please tell me when we get there ? 	labels: Sure . 
text: By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ? 	labels: No , a No . 50 will take you right there . 	episode_done:True
text:Staying out all night , you frightened me to death . 	labels: I stayed with my friends . 
text: You should at least give me a call . 	labels: I'm sorry , Mum . 	episode_done:True
text:who invited them?	labels:some private organization.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? 	labels: That's fine . You must try this dish . 
text: Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? 	labels: It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . 
text: Is it good ? 	labels: Sure . It's a most popular dish . 
text: I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . 	labels: We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? 
text: What kind do you have ? 	labels: We have French and Thousand Island . 	episode_done:True
text:the next four years will be good years.	labels:i'll vote for him next time, too.	episode_done:True
text:  Is that a new bag?	labels:  Yes.  I got it yesterday.
text:  It's beautiful.  Do you like it?	labels:  It's pretty, but it hurts my shoulder.
text:  That's not good.  What are you going to do?	labels:  I think I'm going to return it.	episode_done:True
text:sometimes the pain goes away, and sometimes it doesn't.	labels:have you seen a doctor?	episode_done:True
text:but the same thing day after day gets old.	labels:well, i guess if it ever does get old, i'll change to something different.	episode_done:True
text:yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.	labels:like "one, two, buckle my shoe."	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I would like a ticket to Pakistan on CA . 
text: Is that a one-way or round trip ? 	labels: Round trip , please . 
text: When would you want to leave ? 	labels: I'd like to leave on Nov . 2nd and return on Nov . 21st . 
text: I am sorry . The flight on Nov . 21st is full.Do you mind if I put your name on the waiting list ? 	labels: Yes , please . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't believe the art world.	labels:what is it this time?	episode_done:True
text:Look ! It fits you perfectly . It looks great on you and has your name on it . 	labels: Really ? What about your opinion , Daniel ? 	episode_done:True
text:we can be there in 20 minutes.	labels:i'll get our fishing rods.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like olives? Or would you prefer crisps?	labels:Oh, just olives please. What music is this?	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ m here for an interview as requested . 
text: You are Miss Liu ? 	labels: That ’ s right . 
text: Please take a seat . 	labels: Thank you , madam . 
text: We have received your letter and resume , and we thought we would like to ask you to come here for an interview . 	labels: It is a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity for interview . 
text: Have you brought your credentials ? 	labels: Yes , here they are . This is my ID card . This is my diploma . And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I get you something to drink ? 	labels: No , that's okay , I already have a coke.Why don't you have a seat , you look like you've been on your feet all day . 
text: I guess I could take a break.So , how do you like Denver ? 	labels: It's great ! The mountains here are beautiful and the skiing is spectacular.Have you been here for a long time ? 
text: About six years ... 	labels: What do you do for a living ? 
text: I manage one of the ski lodges.It ' s a great job , I can spend a lot of my time outdoors , and I also get to ski for free all season . 	labels: Wow , talk about job perks ! That's great . I would like to do something exciting like that.But I am only an accountant.Not too much excitement there.huh ? 	episode_done:True
text:National Trust . 	labels: My name is Alice Lin , and I need to know if some money has been transferred to my account yet . 
text: Just one second , and I'll check . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:what's up?	labels:nothing much, what's going on?	episode_done:True
text:You look very professional in the suit . 	labels: The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting . Company policy is not negotiable . 	episode_done:True
text:i can't wait till i grow up.	labels:what will you do?	episode_done:True
text:Do you like to dance ? 	labels: Sometimes , if there's music playing . 
text: What kind of dancing do you like ? 	labels: It all depends . If it's rock music I'll do disco , and if it's romantic music I'll do ballet . 	episode_done:True
text:  What kind of work do you do?	labels:  I'm an architect.
text:  That's interesting.  I'm in construction.	labels:  I studied construction management in college.
text:  We're looking for an architect for our firm.	labels:  I've been interested in working on the construction side.
text:  Can I have your business card?  Here is mine.	labels:  Can I send you my resume?
text:  Yes, that would be great.  My email address is on the card.	labels:  Thank you!  I look forward to meeting with you again.	episode_done:True
text:Hi . I need a wake-up call tomorrow . 	labels: What time would you like your wake-up call ? 
text: I need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . 	labels: That is no problem at all , of course . You'll get a call at 7 o'colock and another at 7 fifteen . 
text: Then again , I think 7 fifteen is too early . Change 7 fifteen to 7 thirty , please . 	labels: So , that'll be a call at 7 and another at 7 thirty.Do you have any other requests ? 
text: Not just now , but if I do think of something later , I'll give you a ring . 	labels: Okay , sir . Sleep well . 	episode_done:True
text:the people are friendly.	labels:i'm not ever going to leave.	episode_done:True
text:Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ? 	labels: To be frank , I was married once , and now I'm single . 
text: Do you mean you got a divorce ? 	labels: Yes , my first marriage was a failure . 	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything wrong ? 	labels: I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college . 
text: Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager . 	labels: I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything . 
text: You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision . 	labels: But I just want to give her some tips . 
text: Oh , she can make her own decisions . 	labels: I guess you are right . 
text: Believe me . Everything will be ok . 	labels: I hope so . 	episode_done:True
text:William told you that his grandmother is sick , huh ? What exactly did he say ? 	labels: He said his grandmother got cancer and has only a few weeks to live . It's really so sad ! But when I talked to him on the phone , it sounded like he was holding up really well . 
text: It didn't sound like he was too upset , huh ? What did you tell him ? 	labels: I asked if there was anything I could do to help his family , and I told him that I could be a shoulder for him to cry on . 	episode_done:True
text:hey, what's good with you?	labels:not a lot. what about you?	episode_done:True
text:Hi	labels:Greetings	episode_done:True
text:i haven't looked anywhere yet.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:Our new production control program's going live on Monday . The old and the new programs will operate in tandem for four to six weeks . That should give us time to iron out any little problems . 	labels: Hope it all goes well . We're very busy at the moment and certainly don't want any problems at this time of year . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Zina . Lots of people are looking for you . 	labels: Like who ? 
text: Like Elvin . He isn't too happy about what you promised Stars.com . 	labels: I've got it under control . 
text: You do realize that it isn't humanly possible for us to finish by next week ? 	labels: What if you had three more top-notch programmers to help you ? 	episode_done:True
text:I am a reporter from Channel 5 News . 	labels: What ’ s up ? 
text: Could I ask you some questions ? 	labels: Sure , you can . 
text: Did you vote today ? 	labels: I sure did ! 
text: What candidate did you vote for ? 	labels: I can ’ t disclose that information . 
text: Why is that ? 	labels: My vote is my own private business . 
text: I understand . 	labels: I voted for our next President . 	episode_done:True
text:Look , Bob . This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia . 	labels: Let me see it , can I ? This is a good photograph . Who are these people ? 
text: They ’ re people I met during the trip . That ’ s the ship we traveled on . 	labels: What a beautiful ship ! Who ’ s this ? 
text: That ’ s the man I told you about . Remember ? 	labels: Ah yes . The one who offered you a job in Australia . 
text: That ’ s right . 	labels: Who ’ s this ? 
text: Guess ! 	labels: It ’ s not you , is it ? 
text: That ’ s right . I grew a beard during the trip , but I shaved it off when I came home . 	labels: Why did you shave it off ? 	episode_done:True
text:  Why is our boss so grumpy?	labels:  What happened?
text:  I asked him a simple question.	labels:  How did he answer you?
text:  He answered so rudely for no reason.	labels:  What did you ask him?
text:  I asked him how he was doing this morning.	labels:  He's not a morning person.
text:  He's not a morning, afternoon, or night person.	labels:  I think you're right.	episode_done:True
text:I feel terrible sick , miss . I wonder if I could change my seat to the front part . 	labels: Please wait a moment .. I am sorry right now there is no vacant seat . I have to ask . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: By the way , hold your bag in case you vomit . 	episode_done:True
text:are you sure?	labels:of course i'm sure.	episode_done:True
text:Do you want a taxi ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Where to ? 	labels: Do you know where Dawanglu is ? 
text: Yes , I know it . 	labels: You can take me there ? 
text: Yes , of course . Step in , please ! 	labels: That's good . 
text: Buckle up the belt , please . 	labels: Let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars . 	labels: Have you got anything cheaper ? 
text: Sorry . I think that's the cheapest 	labels: May I try it on ? 
text: Yes . you can The fitting room is right over there . 	labels: All right . I think I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:my shoes are shined.	labels:do your socks match?	episode_done:True
text:Waiter ! 	labels: I'll be with you in a second . Uh ... Yes , ma'am ? 
text: This is not what I asked for . I'm afraid . 	labels: Oh , I'm so sorry . May I ask what you ordered again ? 	episode_done:True
text:how easy is that?	labels:i guess people just don't care.	episode_done:True
text:Happy birthday , Ms . Lin . Here is a present for you . 	labels: Oh , thank you ! It's very kind of you . Ah , it is a porcelain vase . 
text: I hope you like it . 	labels: Yes , it is lovely . I have been expecting something like this for a long time . Thanks ever so much . 	episode_done:True
text:Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks . 	labels: He spoke evil behind his back . 
text: How did he know that he had bad mouthed him ? 	labels: Someone told joe off . 
text: He is then in a very difficult situation . 	labels: Sure . He ’ ll get the bag . I think . 	episode_done:True
text: I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.	labels: lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.	episode_done:True
text:paper is flying everywhere.	labels:this wind is dangerous for drivers.	episode_done:True
text:Dad , can you lend me some money ? 	labels: What for ? 
text: I want to get a ticket for a concert tonight . 	labels: All right.Here ' s the money . I suppose I'll have to drive you there . 	episode_done:True
text:Something's wrong with my computer . 	labels: What's the problem ? 
text: My computer won't turn on . 	labels: Did you see if all the connections are right ? 
text: I'm not sure I understand what you mean . 	labels: The connections between your CPU and your outlet . 
text: Is that what's stopping my computer from turning on ? 	labels: If your plugs aren't connected all the way , the computer won't turn on . 
text: I had no idea . 	labels: Why don't you try it and see what happens ? 
text: I'll try it right now . 	labels: Let me know if that doesn't work . 	episode_done:True
text:why is that?	labels:there was a bomb threat at the airport.	episode_done:True
text:We did a survey on your job performance . 	labels: How did I do ? 
text: Not so good . Lots of complains . 	labels: Really ? I thought I was doing well . 	episode_done:True
text:Jane is going to quit her job in the bank . 	labels: You must be joking . The job is nice and she is well paid . 	episode_done:True
text:how many did he hire?	labels:one hundred!	episode_done:True
text:You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ? 	labels: Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts . 
text: Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures . 	labels: And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ’ re very happy that he ’ s healthy and smart . 
text: Oh , so he ’ s half Chinese and half American . That ’ s unusual . What languages does he speak , then ? 	labels: Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn . 
text: What does he look like ? Can people tell ? 	labels: Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	episode_done:True
text:hello . Where are you headed today ? 	labels: I'm off to Barcelona for a week . 
text: do you have your passport with you ? 	labels: yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? 
text: fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . 	labels: that's good advice . 
text: would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? 	labels: are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? 
text: let me see here ... yes , there's one left . 	labels: ok . I'll take that one then . 
text: alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? 	labels: I like to travel light so I just have this one . 
text: if that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ? 	labels: yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ? 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of that situation comedies showed every weekend ? 	labels: To tell you the truth , I don't think much of them . 
text: You're becoming a real television watcher . 	labels: A lot of people feel the same way . 	episode_done:True
text:Ping-pong must be the top-ranking popular sport in China . It seems to me in every school , factory , army unit , or residential area , men and women , young and old , are swinging paddles . 	labels: You got it ! In a sense , it has become a byword for Chinese sport . 
text: What do you think might be the source of its popularity ? 	labels: I think its critical advantage lies in its low cost . All you need is a racket , a table and a light celluloid ball . Tables are usually available in public recreation areas , like finest rooms , and outdoor playgrounds ... 
text: And sometimes a substitute table can be made out of a few desks . 	labels: Put it there ! In senior high schools , we used to play on desks in the classroom , when no vacant tables were available . Likewise , the racket may take a variety of forms , too.Anything that resembles a racket , from a plank to cardboard or even a hardcover book , may be used as a racket . 
text: Haha , these are very good inventions . All these speak the public's fondness for the sport 	labels: Yeah , the sport is affordable and accessible to every Tom , Dick and Jane in this developing country . No wonder even the state leaders are known to be keen on it . 
text: I know President Hu Into likes playing ping-pong . 	labels: Actually , he excels in it . Chairman Mao , too , encouraged the whole nation to play ping-pong as a part of the nationwide body building campaign . 	episode_done:True
text:good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company . 	labels: excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down . 
text: when did it first break down ? 	labels: about ten days ago . I ’ Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ’ t . it ’ s very frustrating . 
text: is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ’ t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one . 	labels: yes , it ’ s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ’ s also been making a high - pitch noise when it ’ s in use . 
text: ok . I ’ ll start by looking at the motor . I ’ ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ’ s the problem . It ’ s quite simple . I ’ ll sort it out in a few minutes . 	labels: what ’ s wrong with it ? 
text: part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily . 	labels: that ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ? 	episode_done:True
text:I left a suitcase on the train to London the other day . 	labels: Can you describe it , sir ? 
text: It's a small blue case and it's got a zip . There's a label on the handle with my name and address on it . 	labels: Is this case yours ? 
text: No , that's not mine . 	labels: What about this one ? This one's got a label . 
text: Let me see it . 	labels: What's you name and address ? 
text: David Hall , 83 , Bridge Street . 	labels: That's right . D.N.Hall . 83.Bridge Street . Three pound and fifty pence please . 
text: Here you are . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Hey ! 	labels: What ’ s the matter ? 	episode_done:True
text:So am I on the right road to Piccadilly Circus ? 	labels: I think so , ‘ cause I remember the policeman told me this is the very way . 
text: What did he say ? 	labels: Just head straight up the street about two blocks and then turn left . 	episode_done:True
text:I have a problem with my cable . 	labels: What about it ? 
text: My cable has been out for the past week or so . 	labels: The cable is down right now . I am very sorry . 
text: When will it be working again ? 	labels: It should be back on in the next couple of days . 
text: Do I still have to pay for the cable ? 	labels: We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down . 
text: So , I don't have to pay for it ? 	labels: No , not until your cable comes back on . 
text: Okay , thanks for everything . 	labels: You're welcome , and I apologize for the inconvenience . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you explain the paper-making process to us - in very simple terms - please ? 	labels: Well , the pulp falls from a box onto the first part of the paper machine , which is basically a wire bed with large holes in it , where most of the water is extracted . 
text: So , is it actually paper at this stage ? 	labels: Yes , it is . But we need to take out more water . So it then passes through a series of rollers , where more water is squeezed out . After that it goes through the dryers , which are at a very high temperature . The paper is then coated . And finally it's wound onto reels and cut down into smaller lengths . 	episode_done:True
text:what else can you do?	labels:i'm a handyman.	episode_done:True
text:yes, it was pleasant.	labels:but you won't date him again?	episode_done:True
text:i was doing my homework.	labels:the cat doesn't care about your homework.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have all types of seafood here ? 	labels: Yes , Sir , the specialty of our restaurant is the seafood . 
text: What do you recommend ? 	labels: Perhaps you would like some sole . Many guests like it very much . 
text: OK , we will try it . 	labels: Any drinks ? 	episode_done:True
text:How about your present pay ? 	labels: Basically I get 5,000 RIB every month . It is a well-paid job with satisfying working hours . 
text: What are your salary expectations ? 	labels: I require 6,500 RIB per month as a start . This is my bottom line , the minimum salary I can accept . 	episode_done:True
text:OK . Come back into the classroom , class . 	labels: Does the class start again , Mam ? 
text: Yes , but to the heath , this break has last long enough . 	labels: Oh , breaktime flies . 
text: come on , baby . It ’ s time now . 	labels: Mam , another minute , could I ? 	episode_done:True
text:I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard , you know . 	labels: Cheer up ! Let bygones be bygones . 
text: I ’ Ve tried it , not a chance . 	labels: It seems you have to take time . 	episode_done:True
text:Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses ! 	labels: I know , I know . OK , so I have to separate the colors from the whites and put them in this strange looking contraption so called washing machine . 
text: Right . You have to turn it on and program it depending on what type of clothes you are washing . For example for delicates , you should set a shorter washing cycle . Also , be sure to use fabric softener and this detergent when washing . 	labels: So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out ? 
text: Since this is a white t-shirt , you can just pour a little bit of bleach on it and it will do the trick . 	labels: Cool . Then I can just throw everything in the dryer for an hour and it ’ s all set right ? 
text: No ! Since you are washing delicates and cotton , you should set the dryer to medium heat and for twenty minutes . 	labels: You know what ? I ’ ll just have everything dry cleaned . 	episode_done:True
text:  My clients are very interested in the house.	labels:  How much do they want to offer?
text:  They are willing to offer $10,000 less than the asking price.	labels:  I will contact my client and see if she will accept the offer.
text:  My clients are very nice people with two small kids. 	labels:  That's good to know.  My client wants a nice young family to buy her house.  She lived there with her husband for 40 years until he passed away.	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the time ? I've got an appointment at 8: 30 . 	labels: It's 8 sharp by my watch . 	episode_done:True
text:it's a lovely day out today , isn't it ? 	labels: it's beautiful . Enjoy it while it lasts . It's supposed to get cold tomorrow . 
text: what's the weather forecast for tomorrow ? 	labels: it's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then tomorrow afternoon there's a chance of freezing rain . 
text: that doesn't sound pretty . 	labels: do you have any plans for tomorrow ? 
text: well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends . 	labels: you might want to change your plans . With the cold and wet weather that we're supposed to have tomorrow , the roads are going to be rather slippery . 
text: I suppose I should . I don't like driving in dangerous weather conditions . Do you have any plans for tomorrow ? 	labels: I just have to go to class tomorrow afternoon . 
text: if you're lucky , it'll get cancelled and you can have a snow day ! 	labels: if that happens , then I'll invite you over and we can drink hot cocoa and watch movies . 
text: that sounds like fun . 	labels: hey , look outside ! It's started to drizzle ! 	episode_done:True
text: hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year	labels: 1-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.	episode_done:True
text:He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means . 	labels: You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ? 
text: Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:We're going to discuss how to market CB series soon . Does your project go well ? 	labels: Absolutely . I've sorted out all the materials we need and sifted three great ways of marketing . 
text: Oh , that's good . 	labels: We can discuss them detailedly over the meeting and choose the best way to promote our key products . 	episode_done:True
text:You can't beat me at tennis . 	labels: Do you want to bet ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , ma'am . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , please . I'd like a gin and tonic . 
text: Sure , ma'am . Here you are . 	labels: Thank you . How much is it ? 
text: 25 yuan . 	labels: Here's 30 . Keep the change . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is this house keeper ? 	labels: Yes , Madam , may I help you ? 
text: This room 117 , and we have just checked in . 	labels: Yes ? 
text: Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet.So would you send one of your house keepers to clean up our room . 	labels: Oh , yes . Madam , we'll come right away then . Your room number and your name , please ? 
text: Our room number is 117 and my name is Terry Chen . 	labels: Thank you , would you hang up and wait ? 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ? 	labels: Let's see . From here , you have to take the 278bus . 
text: Oh ok , where do I get off ? 	labels: You should get off at the first Shi Da stop . 
text: Ok , thanks ... 	labels: You're new at this , huh ? 
text: No , is it difficult ? 	labels: No , it's quite simple . When you get on , just ask the bus driver when to pay the fare and where you want to get off . 
text: How much does it cost ? 	labels: Only 15 NT per section . Oh look , that is your bus . 
text: Wow , I can't thank you enough . 	labels: Don't mention it . 	episode_done:True
text: Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?	labels: I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.	episode_done:True
text:Going to the gym tonight , Mary ? 	labels: Yes , Sally . I want to do some sit-ups and perhaps get in a game of singsong . 
text: That sounds like fun.Would you mind some company ? 	labels: I'd love it.Working out is more fun with a friend . 
text: I'll get my things and meet you there . 	labels: Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight ? 	labels: I'd love to go out with you , but I'm sorry I'm busy tonight , but I'd like a rain check . 	episode_done:True
text:IBA , Jane speaking . How can I help you ? 	labels: Hello . I'd like to speak to someone regarding my card . 
text: Sorry , I'm not quite sure if I understand . In what way , Sir ? Has your card been stolen ? 	labels: No , no . Nothing at all like that . It's just that I applied for a credit card with you a while ago , my application was accepted , but I'm still waiting for my card . 
text: Oh , I see , Sir . Well , it does take 5 working days to issue and post the card . 	labels: Yes , my application was accepted last Friday . Now it's Wednesday , that's more than 5 days . 
text: Sorry , Sir , but it's 5 working days . This does not include weekends , so your card should be with you later this week . 	labels: Of course ! How silly of me ! Yes , 5 working days would mean this Friday , at the earliest . I see . I'm sorry to trouble you . 
text: It's no trouble at all , Sir . Is there anything else I can help you with today ? 	labels: Nothing , thanks . I again apologise for the misunderstanding , bye for now . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like some more rice ? 	labels: No , thanks . I'm full . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope we'll catch a foul ball.	labels:bring a jacket.	episode_done:True
text:You know that this job requires frequent business travel . Can you accept it ? 	labels: Yes , I can . 
text: Mostly short business trips , but sometimes long ones are also needed . 	labels: Then how about the expenses during the trips ? 
text: The company will pay all the expenses . 	labels: Would you tell me where we often travel ? 
text: Usually Shanghai , Qingdao , Hong Kong and so on . 	labels: It's great ! I like these places . 
text: And you need to go abroad once in a while . Can you ? 	labels: Yes , I can . 
text: After the business trip , you could apply for reimbursement of all the expenses , such as passage money and accommodation charges and so on . 	labels: I see . 
text: You can take a break for one or two weeks after you have a business trip every time , which depends on the circumstances . 	labels: OK . Thank you very much for telling me all these things . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary , how was your date with john ? 	labels: it's ok . It seems we have a lot in common . 
text: oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like ? 	labels: he is tall and slim , fair-haired . 
text: sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ? 	labels: he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . 
text: oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again ? 	labels: he didn't say , but he said he would call me . 
text: maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much ! 	labels: oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call ? 
text: come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry . 	labels: thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't have any clean laundry for tomorrow!	labels:Well,you should do your laundry then.	episode_done:True
text:i wash them, and then steam them for 15 minutes.	labels:that's pretty simple.	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ? 	labels: I ’ m not sure , but probably about 75 years . How about in your country ? 
text: About 70 , I think . This newspaper article talks about the problems of an aging population . It ’ s a problem that will soon affect most of the world . 	labels: I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age , because otherwise there will not be enough workers to support the young and the elderly . 
text: Perhaps we need to have more babies ! Tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday . 	labels: Did she ? That ’ s great . However , if we have too many children , that will have a bad effect on the enviroment . 
text: How ’ s your son these days ? 	labels: Oh , he ’ s fine . Kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays . 
text: He ’ ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child ? 	labels: I had mine when I was 24 . that ’ s a little young . I ’ d suggest you wait until you are in your late twenties . , or even in your early thirties if you have a good career . 
text: Yes , I think you ’ re right . I ’ m thinking about having a child , but not just yet . 	labels: Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ? 
text: Yes , there is . Teenagers do not want to live traditional lives . They want to go out , have fun , and explore the world . They want to develop their own view of life . Parents usually try to discourage them , but they don ’ t often succeed . 	labels: Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll have sole , then . 	labels: All right.How about other guests ? 
text: The rest of us will have this today's special , please . 	labels: OK . 
text: I'm sorry but I ordered sole , not the same as the others.Will you change it ? 	labels: I'm afraid we have no more sole . 
text: Then , I'll have this pork cute instead . 	labels: Certainly.Just a moment , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Tina , I ’ Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . 	labels: That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . 
text: Thanks . Let ’ s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? 	labels: Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ? 
text: No problem . See you ! 	labels: See you ! 	episode_done:True
text:We would like you to stop by again so we can show you some more problems that have come up with our apartment . 	labels: I am kind of busy right now , but maybe later next week I could stop by . 
text: We sent you an e-mail the first week we moved in ; it listed the problems we found . 	labels: What problems did you find ? 
text: The roof leaks when it rains , there is mold on the bedroom walls , and the dishwasher doesn ’ t work . 	labels: I don ’ t really consider any of that to be my responsibility . You can fix those things yourself . 
text: Maintaining basic health and safety standards is your responsibility . 	labels: I am maintaining the building . You are way too picky ! 
text: Unfortunately , you won ’ t be getting a rent check unless these problems are fixed by Friday . 	labels: You wouldn ’ t dare do that ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I want to make a plane reservation to Shanghai , China . 
text: May I have your name , please ? 	labels: Feynman Black . I want to leave on October 15th . 
text: OK . Let me see . Air China has a flight on October 15th at 10:00 in the morning . 	labels: Well , I need an economy ticket . 
text: Single or return ? 	labels: Single . How much ? 
text: Economy fare for single ticket from New York to Beijing is 400 dollars . 	labels: OK . Here you are . Is my ticket confirmed then ? 
text: Yes . Please arrive at the airport one hour before departure . 	labels: OK . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:What was the movie you saw last night ? 	labels: It was a foreign film called ' Gone with the wind ' . 
text: Really ? I've seen that movie , too . 	labels: How did you like the movie ? 
text: I thought it was pretty good . 	labels: I can't say I agree . 
text: You're kidding . The storyline and acting were outstanding . 	labels: I guess I expected too much from the movie , so I was a bit disappointed . 	episode_done:True
text: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	labels: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	episode_done:True
text:My Chinese friends told me that the Spring Festival is coming soon . Can you tell me something about it ? 	labels: Certainly . It ’ s actually the Chinese New Year and is regarded by the Chinese as the most important holiday of the year . 
text: What happens on the holiday ? 	labels: Family members usually get together on the Eve of the New Year and have a special dinner to celebrate . Relatives and friends often visit each other during the holiday to wish each other a happy new year . 
text: Do people cook a lot of special dishes for the holiday ? 	labels: Yes , just like Christmas in western countries , it is a time for eating lots of special food . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm going to give them away. do you want one?	labels:yes, i would love one.	episode_done:True
text:Has your son started school yet , Tom ? 	labels: Next week , it ’ s going to be quite a shock for him ! 
text: He ’ ll get used to it . They always do . I still remember when my daughter started . Are you going with him on his first day ? 	labels: You bet . I wouldn ’ t miss it ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi	labels:how may I help you?	episode_done:True
text:now it's like riding a bus.	labels:you're jammed in with people all around you.	episode_done:True
text:There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . 	labels: Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . 
text: I'd rather get one with separated speakers.They give a clear sound . 	labels: Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . 
text: That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony . 	labels: Let's ask the salesmen for a demonstration . 	episode_done:True
text: What other subjects do you enjoy? Try to keep an open mind!	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any hobbies ? What is it or what are they ? 	labels: I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games . 
text: How do you spend your spare time ? 	labels: I usually read or entertain myself . 
text: What kind of books are you interested in ? 	labels: My favorite books are those about detectives . 
text: Well , those books are really good . I like them too . How do you entertain yourself ? 	labels: When it comes to the entertainment , I think I enjoy dancing . There is nothing I like more than modern dance . 	episode_done:True
text:Here comes the last course ! Shall I help you to the dish ? 	labels: I'd rather not have it if you don't mind . I'll have soup instead . I'm supposed to be on a diet . 	episode_done:True
text: This is 911. What is your emergency?	labels: I think my wife just had a stroke or a heart attack.
text: Can you describe her symptoms?	labels: She is unconscious but breathing. She won't wake up.
text: We are sending an ambulance right now.	labels: How do you know my address?
text: We can track it down through our phone system.	labels: How long will it take for the ambulance to get here?
text: It should be there in less than five minutes, sir.	labels: I think I hear the ambulance coming now.
text: Please let the paramedics in so they can take your wife to the nearest hospital.	labels: Thank you. I'll open the door.	episode_done:True
text: I think it can take many different forms as a product. The research implication is also huge! It will signify how AI research has progressed so far and better place to tackle more futuristic problems 🙂 Sort of like stepping on the moon 🙂 I might be overselling it here 😛	labels: No, I agree -- it's such an exciting time to be alive to get to witness all this and be a part of it. I wonder if I'll be able someday to get a chatbot to just auto-suggest conversations for me	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is this Professor Clark ? 	labels: Yes , I am Professor Clark . 
text: Hello , Professor , this is Kalina , and I am in your literature class on Monday mornings . 	labels: Yes , how are you doing ? 
text: I was partying hard over the weekend , fell down the stairs , and need time to recuperate . 	labels: That sounds painful . Are you going to be OK ? 
text: I sprained my wrist , but the doctor says it will be fine . 	labels: How many days will you be out of school ? 
text: The doctor said I should be good enough to return next week . 	labels: I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class . Get well ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , waiting for the bus ? Where are you going ? 	labels: China Hotel . 
text: Why don't you take a taxi ? It'll get you there much faster . 	labels: Well , I think I'll take the bus this time just for a change . 	episode_done:True
text:It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas . 	labels: So the reform cannot be carried out well . 
text: Government is making efforts to change situation . 	labels: Easier said than done . 	episode_done:True
text:Peter , which club do you want to join ? 	labels: I haven't decided yet . What about you , Andy ? 
text: I am a member of the basketball club . Do you want to join us ? 	labels: But I don't know how to play basketball . 	episode_done:True
text:why are you complaining? we're going almost 20 miles an hour.	labels:the speed limit is 65!	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a free moment ? 	labels: Sure , what do you need ? 
text: I am having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? 	labels: Well . First you have to turn this switch on . 
text: Silly me . 	labels: Now press this button . 
text: Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ? 	labels: Just a second . I'll go get some . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! 	labels: God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? 
text: Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . 	labels: They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . 
text: I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . 	labels: You'd better pay more attention to your health . 
text: I will , thanks for your concern . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment . 	labels: It ’ s severe punishment , I think . 
text: Yeah , because he just killed a man in cold blood . 	labels: No wonder . 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to drink ? 	labels: I'd like a coke . 
text: Forget about the coke . Let's drink some wine , shall we ? 	labels: Okay . 
text: What would you prefer ? Red wine or white ? 	labels: Red . 	episode_done:True
text:do you know what movie you're going to watch?	labels:i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?	episode_done:True
text:well, mostly i'll try to avoid it.	labels:i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?	episode_done:True
text:you should take a break.	labels:i need to type to make money.	episode_done:True
text: lol ok	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I need some medicine . 
text: For whom ? 	labels: My younger brother . He suffers from a bad cold . 
text: What symptoms does he have ? 	labels: Fever and a bad cough . 
text: I got it . Don't worry , just a common cold . 	labels: What kind of medicine does he need ? 
text: Patulin will do . 	labels: How many pills for each time ? 
text: Six per day , and two after each meal . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:How was your date with Betty ? 	labels: Let's change the subject . 	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been in America ? 	labels: For more than five years . 
text: Do you think it's easy for a Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture ? 	labels: It's no picnic . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I see your passport , please ? 	labels: Is this line for non-residents ? 
text: Yes it is . Residents can queen up in the lines to my right . 	labels: Ok . Here's my passport . 
text: What's the expiration date on your passport ? 	labels: I think it's soon , maybe in a few months . It was renewed in Beijing , so the new expiry date is on the last page . 
text: I see . Yes , you'll need to renew your passport in a few months . Make sure you don't let it expire while you are in the UK . 	labels: I won't . 
text: Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: No , I don't have anything to declare . 
text: How long will you be staying in the UK ? 	labels: I'll be here for about a year . 
text: What is the purpose of your stay ? 	labels: I'll be studying . I'm doing an MBA at Nottingham University . 
text: Where will you be staying ? 	labels: I have a housing contract with the university . I'll be in a dorm room on campus . 
text: How do you plan on paying for your living costs and tuition fees while you are here ? 	labels: My father has already paid for that in advance . Here are the receipts . 
text: Ok . Have a good stay . Here's your passport and documents back . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:How often do you service the pump ? 	labels: We take very good care of this particular pump . It's a crucial part of our process . We clean it and flush it through at the end of every shift , We check the high pressure seals , recalibrate the gauges and lubricate all moving parts weekly . We replace the gaskets every month . 
text: How do you decide how often these things need to be done ? 	labels: Well , from experience we can predict the lifespan of different components . We try to replace components before they fail or wear out . This prevents the equipment from breaking down . It also saves us a lot of trouble ! 	episode_done:True
text:I don ’ t know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has louse up my business several times . 	labels: You mean Lily ’ s boyfriend ? 
text: Yeah . 	labels: Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Smith , this is your schedule . 	labels: OK . Let me see . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug . 	labels: There's no need to apologize . 
text: But I ruined your rug . 	labels: Forget it . It was an accident . 	episode_done:True
text: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	labels: New york! Nice! Best place to live 🙂 .. right, except for the cold!	episode_done:True
text:i had a stomachache.	labels:did it get any better?	episode_done:True
text:i'll vote for him next time, too.	labels:i think everyone will.	episode_done:True
text:i can't wait till i grow up.	labels:what will you do?	episode_done:True
text:Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ? 	labels: No , don't try to tend me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down . 
text: You are not really chubby . You are actually thin enough . 	labels: I don't think so . I know I've put on weight this winter . 
text: So you are watching your weight , aren't you ? 	labels: Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet . 	episode_done:True
text:so does every smoker.	labels:i've tried to quit so many times.	episode_done:True
text:Here we are . This is Wangfujing Street . 	labels: Thank you . How much is it ? 
text: 25 yuan , please . 	labels: Here ’ s 30 yuan . 	episode_done:True
text: Hey Phil, I'm so glad it's Friday.	labels: I agree, James. It was a stressful work week.
text: Have any fun plans this weekend?	labels: Yeah, I'm going fishing with my buddies.
text: Lucky!	labels: Do you want to join us?
text: I can't. I'm helping my brother move. He recently bought a house.	labels: That's too bad. We're going to have beautiful weather too.
text: I'm glad we're going to have good weather. I don't want to move boxes and furniture in the rain.	labels: That's true. When are you going to be done?
text: I don't know. He has a lot of stuff. It could be all day.	labels: Well, if you get done early, why don't you meet us at the lake?
text: Are you going out on a boat?	labels: No, we're going to fish on the lake shore. None of us have a boat.
text: My brother has a boat. I can ask him if we can borrow it sometime.	labels: That would be awesome! Thanks!
text: Well, I'm going to head home now. I'm tired.	labels: Yeah. Me too. Call me this weekend if you get done early.	episode_done:True
text:well, a dozen large eggs were only 99 cents.	labels:that's a good deal.	episode_done:True
text:Wow!Your books are over the due date by one month.	labels:It would have been longer if there wasn't a hold on my record.	episode_done:True
text:me too. there are no guarantees.	labels:if you lose your job, you can move in with me.	episode_done:True
text:Ben always appears rude to the people around him . 	labels: But he's really kind at heart . 	episode_done:True
text:How time flies ! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years . 	labels: yes , I can still recall the days when we were all seniors at college . I asked you whether you would go back to your hometown or not . 
text: yeah , feels like yesterday . Now I ’ m almost settled down here . We ’ re planning to buy an apartment and tie the knot . 	labels: congratulations ! I hope when you hold the wedding ceremony , I ’ m still residing in Beijing . 
text: thank you . Is your company going to move to other cities ? 	labels: no , I ’ m planning to quit this job and go back to work in my hometown after the spring festival . 
text: why is that ? 	labels: well , I still can ’ t adjust to the fast pace of city life . 
text: yeah , the hustle and bustle is really difficult to handle . 	labels: that ’ s right . I work extremely hard , and try my best to adapt to the lifestyle here , but I don ’ t feel any sense of belonging here . 
text: I understand your position . Perhaps it ’ s time to stop floating and go back to where you belong . You ’ ll feel much better with your family around . 	labels: yeah , I think so . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll be late because I have waited so long ! 	labels: Don't worry.The bus will arrive soon . 
text: I'd better take a taxi . 	labels: That's no use.This is morning rush hour . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know why I pulled you over ? 	labels: I have no idea . 
text: Your left brake light is out . 	labels: I was not aware of that . 
text: I'm going to have to write you a ticket . 	labels: You can't give me a break ? 
text: I'm just doing my job . 	labels: How much is the ticket for ? 
text: You will get that information in court . 	labels: I have to go to court ? 
text: That's right . 	labels: Fine . Give me the ticket . 	episode_done:True
text:why's that?	labels:what good does it do?	episode_done:True
text:My friend Jean is very beautiful . 	labels: What's her figure ? 
text: Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . 	labels: What's the color of her eyes ? 	episode_done:True
text:can't you report him to his supervisor?	labels:of course not. if i do that, i'll lose my job.	episode_done:True
text:Are there pets allowed in this apartment ? 	labels: No dogs or cats or any other fur type animal , but other pets are allowed . 
text: What about a boa constrictor ? 	labels: Well . . . is that a pet ? Isn't that something from the zoo ? 
text: If I had one , could I rent this apartment ? 	labels: I was more thinking of nice little fish or frogs or turtles or a pet rock . 
text: What about a Gila monster ? 	labels: I'll tell you what , if your pet can fit in this little box and doesn't have fur , it is welcome here . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your working day like ? 	labels: I have a typical nine to five job . Actually , I work a little longer than nine to five most days . 
text: Do you get paid overtime ? 	labels: No , I don't . I get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients . 
text: Do you have any breaks ? 	labels: We have an hour-long lunch break from twelve to one . We can take coffee breaks during the day . My boss doesn't mind , as long as we get our work done on time . 
text: My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks . I suppose your job involves a lot of paperwork , doesn't it ? 	labels: There's some paperwork , but most of the time we put the information into our computers . Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network . Do you work in a cubicle ? 
text: Yes , I do . I don't like it very much . 	labels: I work in a cubicle too , but I don't mind it . 	episode_done:True
text:how are you doing today?	labels:i'm doing great. what about you?	episode_done:True
text:Yikes ! What was that noise ? 	labels: I had to blow my nose . 
text: Did you have to blow right next to the phone ? 	labels: Did you hear that ? 
text: Of course I heard that . I thought a plane had crashed into your house . 	labels: It wasn't that loud . 
text: I will blow my nose sometime for you , and you'll see . 	labels: Okay . I'll take your word for it . 
text: I thought you had an elephant in your house . 	labels: You're funny . 
text: What did you say ? I think I've gone deaf . 	labels: I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose . I'll be right back . 	episode_done:True
text:Annie , do you like shopping online ? 	labels: Yes , I like it , because it's convenient . 
text: Last week , I tried to buy a new cellphone online , but I didn't know how to pay for it . 	labels: First , you should open an account at the online bank . After that , you can buy anything you want online . 
text: Are there many things online ? 	labels: Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let's check it out online ! ( They log in a shopping website . ) 
text: That's amazing . Oh , an on line virtual supermarket ? 	labels: Let's click to check it out . 	episode_done:True
text:What about the pillowcases?	labels:Yes, I took them off the pillows and washed them.	episode_done:True
text:no. that will cost too much money.	labels:so it's better to save money than to have an honest election?	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . This is Dr . Mustn ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . This is Janet Smith . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Mustn as soon as possible . 
text: Is it urgent ( an emergency ) ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ Ve got an infected wound . 
text: How about this afternoon at 2:00 ? 	labels: That ’ s fine . 
text: Don ’ t forget to bring your health card with you . 	labels: I ’ ll bring the card . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:How's your girlfriend ? 	labels: We broke up . 	episode_done:True
text:he's been in jail three times already.	labels:why did they ever let him out?	episode_done:True
text:maybe. what is she like?	labels:she's got a great personality.	episode_done:True
text:So we have to be at the airport at 10:15.	labels:That means we have to leave the house at 9:15.	episode_done:True
text:Print shop . Seam speaking . 	labels: Hi , Sean . It ’ s Mary in Mr . Emory ’ s office . I placed an order for 1,000 bound copies of a staff manual last week . 
text: It usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to complete a job like that . 	labels: Well , I was hoping you would do me a big favor . That was supposed to be a rush order , I forgot to tell you . I ’ m getting a lot of flak from my boss . 	episode_done:True
text:do you have a digital tv?	labels:of course. but i don't have cable.	episode_done:True
text:I think I may rent out this apartment that I found . 	labels: Oh , really ? Where ’ d you find it ? 
text: I was looking through the ads today , and I found it in there . 	labels: In the ads ? Are you serious ? 
text: Yeah , and it ’ s affordable too . 	labels: I ’ d like to hear about this apartment . 
text: First of all , it ’ s absolutely gorgeous . 	labels: What is the rent each month ? 
text: It ’ s only $ 725 a month . 	labels: That ’ s amazing . The rent is very cheap . 
text: I know it is . 	labels: It ’ s a good thing that you read that ad today . 	episode_done:True
text:I can offer you lemonade, iced tea, or mango juice.	labels:Iced tea sounds really good right now!	episode_done:True
text:What's the matter ? 	labels: I'm feeling a little under the weather . 	episode_done:True
text:Jenny , you're too lazy . You should do some exercise . See , you're getting fat . 	labels: Dad , it's raining outside . 
text: That is your excuse . 	labels: All right , all right , I will go swimming with Peter this afternoon . 	episode_done:True
text:I have been having a lot of headaches lately . 	labels: Have you been having these headaches for a long time ? 
text: I have had headaches my whole life , but they have been getting worse lately . 	labels: Have you been under a lot of stress lately ? 
text: I ’ Ve been under stress , but no more than usual . 	labels: Have you been getting enough sleep lately ? 
text: No , I only sleep a few hours a night . 	labels: Have you had any head injuries lately ? 
text: Yes , actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head . 	labels: I am going to send you for a CT scan , and I will see you again when we see the results . 	episode_done:True
text: I checked the whole car, and it has some problems.	labels: What kind of problems does it have?
text: The brakes need to be replaced, as well as the power steering.	labels: Is that all? That seems like an easy fix.
text: That's not all. The alternator seems to be malfunctioning.	labels: How much would it cost me to fix it all?
text: It'll cost around $300 to $400.	labels: That's not too bad. Is there anything else?
text: From what I can tell, no. I would recommend buying it.	labels: Let me call the seller, and I will let you know if you can start.
text: Great. I can start right away, if he gives you the thumbs up.	labels: He said that it's fine. I will be back for the car when you're done.	episode_done:True
text:when did you lose it?	labels:i think i lost it today. i used it yesterday.	episode_done:True
text:What book is that ? 	labels: I just bought a new atlas . I ’ m looking this map of the world . Look at Russia ! That ’ s a vast country . 
text: Canada , china , and the use are huge too . 	labels: There are several tiny countries in the world too . Countries like Monaco are smaller than many cities . 
text: Those small countries are microscopic compared to Russia . European countries are relatively small . France looks quite big in Europe , but compared to many countries in other continents , it ’ s not very l 	labels: Britain is half the size of france , but great Britain is still one of the largest islands in the world . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ? 
text: Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ? 	labels: No , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , sir , and welcome to Chez Attitude . 	labels: We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster . 
text: Yes , Mr . Foster , if you would please be seated over in the waiting area , our hostess will be with you in a moment . 	labels: Thank you . Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting ? 
text: Of course , I will tell her . 	labels: I would really prefer an outside table . Would that be possible ? 
text: Sure , if you would like one of those tables , I could seat you right away . 	labels: Sure , that would be great ! Thank you ! 
text: Here are your menus and the wine menu , and would you like to order your drinks now ? 	labels: Yes , I would like a vodka gimlet , please . 
text: Sure , no problem , sir . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:What else can I do for you today ? 	labels: Well , I've been browsing online , but I ’ m not really sure what to do about payment . I would like to know what the most convenient way to do it is . 
text: We'll have our own Secure Internet Banking Service . What it is , is a sort of online financial service for enterprises and individuals , so you could get it . It's for doing all types of e-business . 	labels: That does sound interesting . How can I get this service ? 	episode_done:True
text:How many hours do you work a week ? 	labels: I do a forty-hour week . I ’ m on flexi-time . I usually start work at 8 a . m . and finish at 4 
text: And how many weeks holiday do you get a year ? 	labels: Four - plus public holidays . I usually take two weeks off in the summer and the rest at New Year . 
text: Do you do overtime ? 	labels: Yes , if we're busy . I'm paid double-time if I work at weekends . 	episode_done:True
text: So what's your outlook? Something blue?	labels: Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?	episode_done:True
text:what do you mean?	labels:he's old enough to be my father, yet he asked me out.	episode_done:True
text:Cool camera . What are its features ? 	labels: It's loaded ! For example , it's got a 256 color , LCD screen that rotates 360 degrees , and switches to black and white in power save mode . Also , it has a low-light mode for night shooting and touch screen menu controls that are really convenient . 
text: What about the quality of the pictures ? 	labels: Oh , it's the usual 5600x3200 resolution with 10.0 megapixels . It's got a 5xzoom , so from 28mm to 120mm the pictures look great ! I can change the resolution , too . 
text: Wow ! What about the memory ? 	labels: It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d love to have my own farm . 	labels: It would be very hard work . Are you sure ? 
text: I wouldn ’ t mind getting up early morning and the physical work would make me fit and healthy . 	labels: Running a farm would be totally different to you current job . 
text: That ’ s one reason I ’ d like to try it . I ’ d really like to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office . 	labels: You ’ d need a lot of training before becoming a farmer . It ’ s not something you can just walk into . 
text: My uncle owns a farm and I ’ Ve spent some time working with him . I love being in the countryside with farm animals and green fields . 	labels: Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while . 	episode_done:True
text:So do you believe in palmistry ? 	labels: Palmistry ? What is that ? 
text: It's when someone takes a look at another person's palm to tell the future . 	labels: Oh , you mean palm reading . I've seen that before , but I don't believe in it . 
text: Are you sure ? I've read a lot about palmistry and I've been able to tell a lot of accurate things about a person from his palm . Do you want me to take a look at your hand ? 	labels: Really ? You've read books about it ? Ok , then . But only if you want to . 
text: Ok , let's see , well , you've got a long life line , which is good , and the love line is strong ... 	labels: What else do you see ? Will I be successful ? Will I make a lot of money ? 
text: Hmm , hard to say , wait , yes , it looks like you will do well in business , and your ambition will help you a lot , but ... 	labels: What ? What is it ? What's the matter ? 	episode_done:True
text:i would say she's only five feet.	labels:what about her facial features?	episode_done:True
text:yes, but a puppy needs shots.	labels:shots for what?	episode_done:True
text:Hi Mike . What have you been up to ? 	labels: Not much . I started exercising . 
text: Trying to get in shape ? 	labels: Yeah , and I need to start improving my health . 
text: Me too . What are you doing besides exercising ? 	labels: That's about all . 
text: I think if you eat better , it will help tremendously . 	labels: Sleep is good too . I heard people who sleep an average of eight hours a day have less health problems . 
text: Looks like there are a lot of things to do to stay healthy . 	labels: True . But I think it is worth it . When you get old , you want to be healthy and active . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? 	labels: What kind of keys ? 
text: Five keys and a small foot ornament . 	labels: What a shame ! I didn't see them . 
text: Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . 	labels: Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . 
text: It's very kind of you . 	labels: It's not a big deal.Hey , I found them . 
text: Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:shake it a couple of times.	labels:i shook it. there is no more ink.	episode_done:True
text:it's only 10 minutes from here.	labels:do we need reservations?	episode_done:True
text:i've been really busy.	labels:doing what?	episode_done:True
text:what happened at the restaurant?	labels:we had a $40 meal, and he left a $1 tip!	episode_done:True
text:Sally , you look so corporate ! What interview do you have today ? 	labels: Amalgamated Trading Company . It's Swiss . Don't you think working at a foreign company would be glamorous ? 
text: Yeah , I guess so . I've never actually heard of this one , but ... 	labels: Well , it's small , but it's a young , dynamic , rapidly-growing company with a progressive , humanistic philosophy . 
text: You didn't read their brochure or anything , did you ? 	labels: Four times . I'm totally prepared . Oh , no ! I forgot to take off my nail polish ! And I have to be there in 15 minutes ! That's it . I blew it . 
text: Well , they are progressive and humanistic-maybe they don't care about nail polish ... uh ... even blue nail polish . Just keep your confidence up and you'll do great . 	labels: But the competition is fierce this year ... and it seems like I'm the only one left who hasn't found a job . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ? 	labels: It was wonderful , but I was so tired . 
text: Did you go to the top of the Eiffel Tower . 	labels: Yes , that was the first thing we did . We went all the way to the top . There were visitorsfrom all over the world taking photos there . 
text: What else did you see ? 	labels: Art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there's really too much to say . 
text: You must have had a great time . 	labels: Yes , at the beginning we were all excited and had lots of fun . However , on the third day of travelling in the city , I felt sick I think I had something bad to eat but it passed by the evening . 
text: Yes . you need to be careful with what you eat when you're abroad.sometimes new food might disagree with you . 	labels: On the fourth day , we went to taste the French cuisine . That was really fantastic . And no stomach problems . 
text: That is great . Everyone says French food is wonderful . 	labels: You'll have to try for yourself some day . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students ! 	labels: Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester . 
text: That ’ s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ’ s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian , a Chilean , a New Zealander , though he prefers to call himself a Kiwi . Who else do we have ? Oh , we also have a Moroccan , a Togolese , a Pakistani , and two Indonesians ! 	labels: That ’ s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and one Russian . 
text: Well , I think you ’ re pretty lucky actually . You ’ ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture . 	labels: I guess so , but I think it ’ s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes . 
text: Don ’ t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice . 	labels: I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese . 	episode_done:True
text:Is this the A housing office ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Are you looking for housing for this semester ? 
text: I was hoping to get into something on campus , but my friend told me that everything is full . 	labels: It is , but I can put you on a waiting list , if you would like . 
text: Please . And in the mean time , can I look at apartments available in the area from this office ? 	labels: Yes , here is a catalog that is put out every year with locations that meet campus requirements for As . 
text: Who do I talk to if I want I to see some of them ? 	labels: The individual landlord's numbers are next to each entry . You can call them with any questions you may have . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s wrong with it ? 	labels: It ’ s broken . I just bought it yesterday , you know , it costs me $ 556 . 
text: It sounds too bad . What will you do ? 	labels: Mike suggests me to return it . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't have enough will power.	labels:of course you do.	episode_done:True
text:How much do you pay wholesale for your products ? 	labels: We have a few different wholesale vendors , so our cost varies a bit over the fiscal year . But the difference is miniscule , a fluctuation of about 0.2 % . 
text: That must impact your bottom line at least a little bit , doesn't it ? After all , your sticker price is pretty much set in stone . How much do they go for retail ? 	labels: Retail price is 29.95 per unit . We take into consideration changes in supply cost when figuring this price . 
text: Is that including tax ? 	labels: No , that's the price before tax . The tax rate is varies from different marketing areas , so it is difficult for us to figure in . 
text: How much is your profit margin then ? 	labels: Our profit margin is in the neighborhood of 20 % . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to buy a skirt . 
text: What style would you prefer ? 	labels: I like one with flowers on its brim . 
text: Do you like this one ? 	labels: It seems too short . 
text: What about this one ? 	labels: It looks nice . How much is it ? 
text: 70 yuan . 	labels: Is there any cheaper one ? 
text: This one is only 50 yuan . 	labels: I think I'd better take that one you showed me just now . It is better than this one although this one is cheaper . 
text: All right . 	labels: Here is the money . 
text: Thank you . Anything else ? 	labels: No , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you show us the menu ? 	labels: Sure . Here you are . 
text: I'd like to have prawn cocktail , and tomato soup for the main course , I'd like steak with onion , with some black coffee afterwards . 	labels: Sorry , tomato soup is not being served today , but we have egg soup , it's very delicious . Why don't you try it today ? 
text: It sounds good . I'll try it . 	labels: Would you like to have a drink ? 
text: Well , I'll have a glass of mineral water . 	labels: Anything else ? 
text: No , thank you . I think it's enough for dinner . 	labels: OK . I'll be back soon . 	episode_done:True
text:Waiter , get me rag , please . I have just spilled my wine . 	labels: Let me help you . 
text: Thank you . Please bring me some paper napkins . 	labels: Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? 	labels: You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness . 
text: What do you mean ? It will help us to relax . 	labels: Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ? 
text: I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home . 	labels: I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends . 
text: That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them . 	labels: Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too . 
text: Good . Let's go now . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you deliver it , please ? 	labels: It depends where you live , sir . 
text: In Camden Town . 	labels: Yes , we deliver there . But it costs two pounds fifty . 
text: All right . But I'm only in on Saturday . 	labels: Morning or afternoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:Bill , where are we going to stay tonight ? 	labels: What about a motel ? 
text: What's that ? 	labels: It's a hotel but cheaper and offers free parking . 
text: Well , that sounds good , I have never lived in a motel . 	labels: Then let's stay in a motel . I am sure you will like it . 	episode_done:True
text: Do you have the floor plan to the apartment?	labels: Yes I do. Would you like to take a look at it?
text: Yes I would, if you don't mind.	labels: Not at all. By all means, take a look for yourself.
text: Where did you get this piece of paper of the floor plan?	labels: I have access to this kind of information.
text: I see. Can you help me read this?	labels: Sure I can. What would you like to know?
text: How big is the living room?	labels: According to the floor plan it is 20 feet long and 15 feet wide.
text: Oh, so that's what those numbers mean.	labels: Right. This apartment has a good floor plan.	episode_done:True
text:Have you found another job yet , Sally ? 	labels: No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper . 
text: What kind of job are you looking for ? 	labels: Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel . 
text: You haven't had any experience in either of those fields . 	labels: I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you make a suit for me to order ? 	labels: Certainly . Come and choose the cloth . 
text: By the way , what's the charge for the tailoring ? 	labels: $ 150 including the cloth . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, a lot of flags have stripes.	labels:a flag should be pretty.	episode_done:True
text:: How are you , Mr . Ding ? I ’ m John Brown . 	labels: Pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . 
text: Please have a seat . I know our employment officer has already given you the information about your employee contract , but I ’ d like to go over the main details again before signing the contract . First , you ’ ll be getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of service . No probation is involved . 	labels: That ’ s what I understand . 
text: You ’ ll be covered by our medical plan while on duty . Since you ’ ll be middle-anagement , you , re expected to be available up to one hour past normal working hours . Any approved overtime that will be paid at time , which you can take as salary or time off . 	labels: Exactly my understanding . 
text: A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract ? 	labels: Yes , I have . 
text: Do you have any questions ? 	labels: Just one . I noticed an item about flextime . Is that a possibility for me ? 
text: Yes it is , but you ’ ll have to discuss the details with your manager . 	labels: Good . Now , if you ’ ll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days . 	episode_done:True
text:Okay , Doctor , tell it to me straight . 	labels: If you want to live much longer you have to give up smoking . 
text: I've tried before . Everything I've tried doesn't work . 	labels: Maybe with the choice of life or death before you , you will find it easier . 
text: May I see that x-ray again ? 	labels: See all these black areas ? That's tar built up in your Lungs . 
text: And that is what's causing my shortness of breath . 	labels: Look at it this way , when you quit , you will save money , time and your life ! 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing ? 	labels: Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty . 
text: Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful ! 	labels: Yes , I am , but I think it ’ s time for some plastic surgery I ’ m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See ? 
text: I don ’ t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are stop beings ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird.It doesn ’ t look natural . 	labels: Whatever , I think I ’ m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well . 
text: I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ’ t think you need cosmetic surgery.You look amazing . 	labels: I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive . 
text: You don ’ t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts ! 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:Which church do you attend ? 	labels: I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . 
text: What ’ s the difference between this and other Churches ? 	labels: Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church . 
text: Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt ? 	labels: That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all . 
text: Do you believe that Mormons have all of it ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Why do you really go to church ? 	labels: We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church . 	episode_done:True
text:we'll get warmer as we walk.	labels:yes, but it gets colder as the sun goes down.	episode_done:True
text:You're right--Italian ! Ha ! Ha ! I was trying to trick you , but you didn't fall for it ! 	labels: I almost did ! Actually , I don't know that much about coffee , even though I sell it . 
text: I could give you a few pointers if you want . I know a lot about coffee . 	labels: Thanks . Maybe if things slow down later I'll stop by your table . 
text: I'm Robert , at your service . 	labels: Rita . Nice to meet you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . I'm answering the ad in the paper about your car.And I wonder if it is still available ? 	labels: Yes , it's still available . 
text: Good.Can you give me some information about it ... uh .. mileage and the tires and things like that ? 	labels: Well , it has got low mileage.The tires are in perfect condition and it's in excellent shape . 	episode_done:True
text:But this college is so awesome?	labels:I know,but I really miss home.	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever run into a person who tries bleed you white ? 	labels: I am always on the look out for such girls . 
text: I hear that some guys splash all their money about on them . 	labels: Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat . 	episode_done:True
text:May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere . 	labels: It ’ s not my fault . Daniel always sends things flying . 	episode_done:True
text:I need a pan . 	labels: Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? 
text: Well , the bigger the better , I think . 	labels: Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . 
text: Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . 	labels: Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . 
text: Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . 	labels: Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . 
text: Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . 	labels: That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ? 
text: Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too . 	labels: I'm so sorry . A lid comes with the pan . Here it is . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals . 	labels: No , thank you , I am not interested . 
text: Please ma ’ am , if you could spare five minutes of your time , I am sure we could find something that interests you ! 	labels: I wish I could , but I have to walk the dog and finish cooking so if you would excuse me . 
text: We have a great variety of magazines all about cooking ! This one for example , is a bi monthly publication with recipes from all over the world ! 	labels: Wow , that would be kind of useful , do you have any other cooking magazines ? 
text: Sure do ! This one is a quarterly publication , but each issue has over 200 color pages of recipes and also many home decorating ideas ! 	labels: Wow , this is nice ! Ok , sign me up for both publications . 
text: You mentioned you have a dog , most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care , pet shops and even pet sitters ! 	labels: That is exactly what I needed ! What else do you have ? 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to come to our party ? 	labels: I'd like to . But I'm not myself today . 
text: what happened ? You look so pale . 	labels: It's the end of the world for me . 
text: What makes you say that ? 	labels: Today , I'm told I failed three courses . 
text: Oh , that's too bad . Work harder next term . 	labels: I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste of time to me . 
text: Don't loose heart . Everything will be fine . 	labels: I hope so . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Lydia , what are you reading ? 	labels: I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling ! 
text: What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ? 	labels: It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born ? 
text: January 5th . 	labels: Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers ! 
text: That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense . 	labels: No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize . 
text: Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me ? 	labels: A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you ! 	episode_done:True
text:I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member , is it true ? 	labels: Yes , it's true . 
text: What about the foreign bank ? 	labels: It's a branch of the Bank of America in Beijing . 
text: What are the requirements ? 	labels: The applicant must be alert and quick at figures , and like meeting the public . 
text: Would you be using English every day in this job ? 	labels: Yes . Because the customers are mostly Americans . 
text: The pay must be good . 	labels: Yes , starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses . 	episode_done:True
text:i bet you had to drag him away.	labels:he wanted to take it home yesterday.	episode_done:True
text:eight o'clock.	labels:that sounds great.	episode_done:True
text:Francis , what ’ s that ? 	labels: Well , that is the chart showing our company ’ s organizational structure . 
text: Could you tell me something about it ? 	labels: Ok . On the top , Mr . Thomas , the managing director , is responsible for running the company . 
text: How many departments do we have ? 	labels: Four . They are production department , finance department , sales and marketing department and HR department . I directly report to Mr . White . He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning . Probably you will be meeting him at lunch . 
text: Ok . Who should I report to ? 	labels: Mr . White , too . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . : Are you Mary Lin ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Mr . : I'm Mr . Rogers , your homeroom teacher . 	labels: Where should I sit ? 
text: Mr . : Why don't you sit behind Brad ? 	labels: Who's Brad ? 
text: Mr . : He's that guy in the blue shirt . 	labels: When does the first period begin , by the way ? 	episode_done:True
text:I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card . 	labels: Of course , just fill out this form and let me know when you are finished . 
text: I'm finished . 	labels: I will also need your driver's license ; hand me the filled-out form , please . 
text: OK , the form is all filled out . 	labels: Perfect ! Do you know the hours and rules for the library ? 
text: No , I have no idea what they are . 	labels: Everything you need to know is printed on the card and handout . 
text: Yes , right . 	labels: Great ! You are all set to enjoy the library . 	episode_done:True
text:On balance , dress designing appeals to me most . 	labels: Yes , it's to my liking , too . 
text: Say , how would you like to be a dress designer ? 	labels: It's my dream . 	episode_done:True
text:You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . 	labels: What makes you say that ? 
text: I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first . 	labels: But everything has been so easy . 
text: Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that . 	labels: Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ? 	labels: What ’ s it for ? 
text: It ’ s for a book . 	labels: Oh , that ’ s a nice idea . Well , it ’ s fine if you take our picture . 	episode_done:True
text:i have no insurance.	labels:maybe a back rub would help.	episode_done:True
text: that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?	labels: No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I would like to cash my travelers ' check . Here you are . 
text: Sure . How do you like your money ? 	labels: In tens and twenties , please . 
text: No problem . Here you are . 	labels: Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? 	labels: Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . 
text: What are you doing in Australia ? 	labels: I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? 
text: Oh , right . What time is it there ? 	labels: It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? 
text: Yes - four o'clock in the morning . 	labels: 4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:who would turn in a gun for $200?	labels:that isn't a good deal?	episode_done:True
text:Which pair of jeans do you like best ? 	labels: I really like the straight legs . 
text: But they aren't very fashionable . What about these ? 	labels: I don't like the way they sag down . I feel like I have plumber butt in them . 
text: That's the style ! You just wear boxers . 	labels: What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then ? 
text: You're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants ! 	labels: If you ask me , it's a walking invitation ! 	episode_done:True
text:they forget who put them in power.	labels:they forget where they came from.	episode_done:True
text:  Did you see the game last night?	labels:  Yeah. It was amazing!
text:  I can't believe we won. 	labels:  It's our first championship.
text:  We celebrated last night.	labels:  We set off fireworks.
text:  I watched the news to see the highlights of the game.	labels:  I recorded the game.  I'm going to watch it again tonight.
text:  Can I join you?	labels:  Sure! 	episode_done:True
text:a man i met in a coffee shop.	labels:where did you go?	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , which way is to the post office ? 	labels: The post office ? Sorry , I'm not sure . 	episode_done:True
text:How would you like to pay?	labels:I pay by credit card.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ? 	labels: Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are . 
text: I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It ’ s on sale , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ’ s a real bargain . 
text: I ’ ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions ? 	labels: Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ’ re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room ? 
text: It ’ s quite large . It ’ s about 40 square metres . 	labels: I ’ d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the Smith residence?	labels:Hello, how can I help you today?	episode_done:True
text:Northward Airways , good morning . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , do you have any flights to Sydney next Tuesday afternoon ? 
text: One moment , please ... Yes . There's a flight at 16:45 and one at 18:00 . 	labels: That's fine . Could you tell me how much a return flight costs ? I'll be staying three weeks . 
text: Economy , business class or first class ticket ? 	labels: Economy , please . 
text: That would be 346 Euro . 	labels: OK . Could I make a reservation ? 
text: Certainly . Which flight would you like ? 	labels: The 16:45 , please . 
text: Could I have your name , please ? 	labels: My name is Mary Jones , that's M-A-R-Y J-O-N-E-S . 
text: How would you like to pay , Ms . Jones ? 	labels: Can I pay at the check-in desk when I pick up my ticket ? 
text: Yes , but you will have to confirm this reservation at least two hours before departure time . 	labels: I see . 
text: Now you have been booked , Ms . Jones . The flight leaves at 16:45 , and your arrival in Sydney will be at 9:00 a . m . , local time . The flight number is NWA 476 . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i wonder if i should bring my gloves.	labels:maybe you should, just in case it gets colder.	episode_done:True
text:i don't know. sometimes the law doesn't make sense.	labels:but his latest fire killed someone.	episode_done:True
text:So how did your end-of-the-year review go ? 	labels: Oh , it was okay . I had my meeting with Mitch this morning and his bottom line is that he thinks I need to show more initiative . He thinks that I need to start being more creative . 
text: Did he actually say that ? 	labels: Well , not in so many words . But I know that productivity is a big issue for him . Oh , he said the usual things like “ Keep up the good work ” and “ Thanks for your hard work , ” but he also said that he's thinking about bringing some employees into my department . That , to me , means he's not satisfied with what I've been doing . 
text: Are you sure you're not reading too much into what he said ? 	labels: No , I Don't . Either I shape up or my job is on the line . 
text: Well , I think you may be overreacting . Mitch likes to give everybody constructive criticism and I think that's what he was doing . 	labels: Do you really think so ? 
text: Yes , I do . If you ask around , other people will tell you the same thing . 	labels: Maybe you're right . Thanks , Don . I feel better . 	episode_done:True
text:This computer isn't working properly . 	labels: I told you so . I kept having problems with it yesterday . I don't know what's wrong . 	episode_done:True
text:that's a good question. maybe it's not old age.	labels:are you right-handed?	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of smoking ? 	labels: It's harmful . Not only for yourself but for others . 
text: What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking ? 	labels: Stop producing cigarettes . 
text: But that'll affect the national economy . 	labels: That's right.But I don't think there are better ways . 
text: How about printing a warning on each cigarette packet ? 	labels: Maybe it can take effect . 	episode_done:True
text:  Hello, can I help you?	labels:  I'd like to order your daily special.
text:  Ok.  Would you like it spicy or non-spicy?	labels:  I guess non-spicy.  I've never been asked that before.
text:  Would you like white rice or fried rice?	labels:  Rice?  Is this Max's Pizza Place?
text:  No, this is a Chinese restaurant.	labels:  I thought I was ordering pizza.
text:  No, our daily special is Mongolian beef with rice.	labels:  That sounds good.  I'll take one order to go with white rice.	episode_done:True
text:if you're a smart doctor, you stay away from hospitals.	labels:yes, the smart doctors are those tv news doctors혰no hospitals, no patients.	episode_done:True
text:It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . 	labels: Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . 
text: Yes . 	labels: But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . 
text: So you must be an extravert ? 	labels: Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . 
text: What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? 	labels: A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . 
text: Don't you consider it a hard work ? 	labels: Hard but interesting , I think . 
text: Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? 	labels: Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University . 
text: Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ? 	labels: Yes , I have learned a little French and Japanese as well . 	episode_done:True
text:Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ? 	labels: I suppose I do . 
text: The climate here is pleasant . 	labels: They use said it 
text: This city is really comfortable to living . 	labels: It sure is 
text: No other city can match it . It's heaven . 	labels: Well , if you live in other as long enough you love them just as much . 
text: Maybe . 	labels: That's for sure . 	episode_done:True
text:This is our main service area . We do all the routine services here and have two full-time mechanics . 	labels: How often do you service the vans ? 
text: They're serviced regularly . We give them a basic service every 10,000 km or so and a main service once a year , or every 100,000 km . 	labels: I see . What does the service involve ? 
text: Well , the same as for private vehicles really , but we do it more often because they get a lot of wear and tear . 	labels: Can you carry out major repairs here ? 	episode_done:True
text:What are you thinking about ? 	labels: About my boyfriend . 
text: Again ! 	labels: You are really a wet blanket . 	episode_done:True
text:yes. the lake is only 10 miles away.	labels:we can be there in 20 minutes.	episode_done:True
text:if they are all outside, then what?	labels:then we just wait outside for a fireman to tell us to go back in.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome , Li Mei . Please give me your coat and hat . 	labels: Thank you , Peter . 
text: Oh , let's come in and enjoy yourself . 	labels: Happy birthday , Peter , and many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you . 
text: Thank you , Li Mei . Come into the dining room . I'm going to cut the cake soon . 	labels: What wish do you make ? 	episode_done:True
text:Mary ! I haven ’ t seen you since our dinner with Mr . Lee last week . Where have you been hiding yourself lately ? 	labels: Oh , hi Mike . I ’ Ve been out of town the last few days . What did you need ? 
text: Really , nothing big . I just heard about your ideas on employee motivation and I wanted chat with you about a few things going on in my department . 	labels: Well , feel free to drop by my office any time . The door ’ s always open . 
text: Actually , I was hoping to mix business with pleasure . Would you be interested in joining me for dinner some time this week ? I thought we might try out the new Italian restaurant everyone ’ s been 	labels: Sure , Mike , I ’ d love to . 
text: Is this evening too soon ? 	labels: No , that ’ s perfect . We can leave directly from here . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you going to come home late tonight ? 	labels: Yes , I've got to work overtime . 	episode_done:True
text:bring me a better steak.	labels:i wouldn't do that.	episode_done:True
text:The order is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment . If shipment is too late , we'll have to turn to other suppliers . 	labels: I am sorry , but we can't advance shipment . The manufacturers are fully committed . They have no stock on hand . 
text: Can you find some way for an earlier delivery ? 	labels: How's this then ? We propose partial shipment . We can ship whatever is ready to meet your urgent need instead of waiting for the whole lot to get ready . 
text: Sounds like a good idea . 	labels: We propose to deliver 50 % in June and the balance in Aug . 	episode_done:True
text:we have a 2 o'clock appointment to see the one on main street.	labels:we'd better get ready to go.	episode_done:True
text:Is that a no-smoking sign ? 	labels: Yes , it is . As you know , some of the materials we use are highly-flammable so we have a very strict non-smoking policy in the factory . 
text: What does that sign mean ? 	labels: It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials . If the materials ignite , it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them . 	episode_done:True
text: This is my first time voting and I need some help.	labels: I'll be happy to help you. What's your name and address?
text: Here's my identification.	labels: You are in the right place.
text: How do you know?	labels: Your name is right here. Sign next to the image of your signature.
text: Okay, sign here. Then what?	labels: Then you are ready to vote.
text: Where do I do that?	labels: You can use that empty booth right behind you.
text: You are so helpful.	labels: I'm just doing my job as a poll worker.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Susie , what health club do you belong to ? 	labels: Total Fitness , why ? 
text: Well , I ’ Ve been going to Athletic Express , but I don ’ t like it there . 	labels: Really ? Why not ? I hear it ’ s pretty good . 
text: The people don ’ t really work out there . They just stand around and talk all the time . 	labels: Oh , it ’ s one of those places . 
text: Yeah , is your club different ? 	labels: Well , they have different rooms . I lift weights by the pool where there aren ’ t so many people . 
text: Do they have a lot of equipment ? 	labels: Yeah , they have all the machines , a pool , and a steam room and sauna . 
text: Sounds nice . What about classes ? 	labels: The usual . Aerobics , kickboxing , yoga . They just started a Tai Chi class too . 
text: Wow , that sounds great . 	labels: Well , I have a guest pass . Why don ’ t you come with me tonight ? 
text: Really ? Thanks . I ’ ll stop by when I get off work . 	labels: Perfect . See you later . 	episode_done:True
text: I go to the gym and run until I find enough fun.	labels: cool! I've started to run a bit as well not long distances though, just a couple miles	episode_done:True
text:They're here ! Now that's speedy service ! And they arrived within two days of each other ! 	labels: What are you waiting for ? Rip ‘ em open ! 
text: Wow ... this shirt is nice , but looks big . 	labels: It's nice , but how much did you end up paying ? 
text: With the shipping included--seventy dollars . 	labels: Hmm ... not so hot . They sell them here for about that . 	episode_done:True
text:Don't you have too much to do with him . 	labels: Why not ? 
text: His father is a prisoner . 	labels: So what ? His father is in prison , not he . 	episode_done:True
text: What do you think I should get for dessert?	labels: I don't know, look at the menu.
text: Wow! They have icecream, pies, cakes.	labels: It looks like a great selection!
text: I don't know what to get!	labels: It's kind of hot out. Maybe icecream would be good.
text: Icecream sounds fantastic!	labels: How about we go to the icecream parlor down the street?
text: That sounds good to me! Let's go.	labels: That pecan pie is calling my name, though.
text: Answer to icecream's call only!	labels: You're right! Let's go!	episode_done:True
text:please don't be nosey.	labels:i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.	episode_done:True
text:yes, it's just a couple of screws.	labels:that's nice.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir , since my train leaves at 16:00 . Have you a 3 - hour tour ? 	labels: You are lucky , sir . We are about to set out . It's a tour to the White House . 
text: Well , I have just missed the place . How long does the tour take ? 	labels: 2 hours . You won't get late for your train . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? 	labels: Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . 
text: Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? 	labels: At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . 
text: Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . 	labels: Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . 
text: I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work . 	labels: OK , let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is this People's Theater ? 	labels: Yes , it is . May I help you ? 
text: Yes , are advance tickets for ' Nut croakers ' still available ? 	labels: What date , sir ? 
text: October 16th . 	labels: Let me see . Yes , we still have some tickets left . Which performance ? 
text: 7:30 p . m . performance , please . 	labels: OK , we have tickets at 100 yuan and 50 yuan . 
text: I'd like to reserve two seats at 100 yuan , please . 	labels: All right . May I have you name , please ? 
text: Du Kun . 	labels: When would you like to collect the tickets ? 
text: Tomorrow . 	labels: We can hold them until one day before the show . 
text: How do we cancel , just in case ? 	labels: Just telephone us , and let us know in advance . We don't charge for cancellation . 
text: All right , thank you very much . Good bye . 	labels: You are welcome . Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:Why is there water all over the bathroom floor ? 	labels: I'm sorry - it's my fault . I was filling the bathtub and I left the water running too long , so it overflowed . 	episode_done:True
text:It's Sunday today . 	labels: Yes , I know . 
text: I think we should have a house cleaning today . What's your opinion ? 	labels: Oh , no . We just did it last week . 
text: Come on . What do you want to do ? Washing clothes or cleaning the house ? 	labels: I'd rather wash the clothes . 
text: Okay . Here is the laundry . 	labels: Oh , My God ! So much ! 	episode_done:True
text:You have always got your nose in the air , which hurts many boys ’ hearts . 	labels: I am afraid not . I have no interest in them at all . 	episode_done:True
text:We are doing ' Secret Santa ' at the office again this year . 	labels: Whose name did you pick ? 
text: I got Jacob . Any ideas what to get him ? 	labels: Booze ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is Mr Over there 	labels: Sorry , madam . I afraid you have a wrong number.we don't have Mr Over here . 
text: I want 6420422 3 , is that right ? 	labels: No , you give a wrong number . 
text: oh , I'm sorry to bother you . 	labels: That's all right . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone . 	labels: I heard about that . It was successful . 
text: It's a big jump in science . Maybe more like a leap . 	labels: I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 	labels: Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right . 
text: Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right . 	labels: That's it . It'll take you about five minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to withdraw some money . 
text: Please fill in the slip , stating the exact amount you wish to withdraw . 	labels: All right . And here's my bankbook . Is that all ? 
text: Your ID card , please . 	labels: Oh , yes . Here it is . 
text: Do you want large ones or small ones ? 	labels: Four in hundred , one in ten , please . 
text: Wait a minute , please ... Here's the cash . 	labels: By the way , I'd like to change some U . S . dollars to pounds and I want to know today's exchange rate . 
text: Well , sir . According to today's exchange rate , every pound in cash is equivalent to 1.89 U . S . dollars . How much would you like to change ? 	labels: I want 100 pounds . And here are 189 U . S . dollars . 
text: ... OK . And here's your money . 	labels: Thank you . And goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:what's so good about it?	labels:they have interesting lawsuits.	episode_done:True
text:May I see your passport please ? 	labels: Yes . Here it is . 
text: Are you travelling for business or pleasure ? 	labels: I'm going to visit some relatives here for several months . 
text: Do you have anything to declare ? Jewellery or cash ? 	labels: The only things I brought were some cloths and my notebook computer . 
text: Did you bring any fruits , vegetables , fresh meats or plants into this country ? 	labels: No , Sir , I did not . 	episode_done:True
text:How much is it ? 	labels: 6 500 yuan . You will get it on the price tag . 
text: It s a little overpriced . Is there any discount on this laptop ? 	labels: Its already very cheap . Let's make it 6 000 yuan . 
text: I ’ d buy this if it were cheaper . How about 5 000 yuan ? 	labels: Hum ... I say 5 500 yuan . That's as cheap as it can get . 
text: Is it the final price ? 	labels: I'm sorry , this is our rock bottom price . 	episode_done:True
text:Good idea ! I've heard that the Expo is doing pretty well now , and ads are seen everywhere in the country on all means of media , newspapers , TV , street signs , etc . 	labels: Yeah , it's the last world-wide horti-cultural exposition in the century , and one of the grand festivities of cross-century significance held by the China's tourism industry . 
text: what's interesting to see there ? 	labels: Oh , there's plenty . Flowers and plants from all over the world , of course . Besides , gardening techniques are demonstrated , modern facilities displayed , academic exchanges and seminars organized , and folk performances of different nations shown almost every day . 
text: I visited the First International Flower Festival in the city last year , and was impressed with so many beautiful flowers ! 	labels: Oh , can't compare with the Kunming Expo at all ! The Kunming Expo covers an area of 218 hectares , and more than 9000 flower enterprises from over 100 countries and regions are invited to participate in the Expo . 
text: It would be a rare occasion to be able to appreciate so many fine species of Chinese and foreign flowers fully blooming in one park ! 	labels: Far more than that , I dare to say ! Inland provinces and cities , Hong Kong and Macao , as well as many countries and regions in the world have an exhibition area of their own to display their unique flowers and plants . Each month there's a special day for a particular country or region , and folk performances are given . You will feel it a great pity if you missile Kunming Expo . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m so excited about Chinese New Year ! When do I get to visit Grandma ? Grandma makes the best dumplings in the world ! 	labels: Ha ha , right . Sounds to me like you ’ re more excited about the dumplings than seeing your Grandma . 
text: Of course I miss Grandma , too . I bet she ’ s gonna teach me how to play Mahjong ! Hey , Dad , are you going to buy me firecrackers this year ? We ’ re going to have the best fireworks ! I ’ m really looking forward to lighting them ! 	labels: Son , firecrackers aren ’ t toys.they ’ re dangerous ! 
text: No , fireworks are awesome ! 	labels: Whoa , don ’ t you remember ? Last year when I set off the firecrackers , you covered both your ears and hid behind your mother ? 
text: I was scared because ... because I saw a bug . That ’ s all . 	labels: Ahahah ... really ? 
text: Oh , and I can ’ t wait to watch the dragon dance ! Dad , can I sit on your shoulders this time ? 	labels: Hey , I offered last year ... 	episode_done:True
text:You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . 	labels: Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . 
text: Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . 	labels: Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . 
text: I knew you'd see it my way . 	labels: Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . 
text: Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? 	labels: Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . 
text: This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police ! 	labels: If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I try your coffee?	labels:Sure. Here you go.	episode_done:True
text:Where's your better half ? 	labels: She's at home . 	episode_done:True
text:well, my english isn't perfect.	labels:no one speaks perfect english.	episode_done:True
text:Waitress ! My bill for today's lunch , please . 	labels: OK , sir . 
text: How much do I owe ? 	labels: 190 yuan . 
text: Here is 200 yuan . The charge is for you . 	labels: Thank you . Welcome to call again . Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text: I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?	labels: No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?	episode_done:True
text:it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.	labels:what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , madam . May I help you ? 	labels: I want a facial . But this is the first time I've come here , so can you tell me how you do it ? 
text: Sure . Most facials start with a thorough cleaning . Then we usually use a toner to invigorate the skin , followed by exfoliation treatment-a peeling mask or scrub that removes the dead cells that make the skin lock dull . After that , we'll massage your face and neck with oil or cream to improve the circulation and relieve the tension , followed by a mask to moisturize and soften the skin . 	labels: That's exactly what I want . How long does it take ? 
text: We have half-hour and one-hour treatments . 	labels: What's the regular price ? 
text: Well , the half-hour facial costs 50 yuan and the one-hour costs 80 yuan . If you want make-up , another 20 yuan will do . 	labels: Good , I will take the one hour facial with make-up . 
text: That's fine , madam . 	labels: By the way , could you give me a manicure ? Use a light nail-polish , please . 	episode_done:True
text:You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game . 	labels: Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me ! 
text: Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats ! 	labels: How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company ? 
text: Some guy in the accounting department has a brother on the team ! 	labels: Can't beat that ! Thank you accounting guy ! 
text: The game starts at seven so we'd better hustle , it's already five . 	labels: What are we waiting for ? Let's go ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? 	labels: I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . 
text: And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . 	labels: I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . 
text: Can I get you anything to drink ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . 
text: Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is this housekeeper ? 	labels: Yes ma'am , may I help you ? 
text: This is room eleven-seven and we have just checked in . 	labels: Yes ? 
text: Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet.So would you send one of your housekeepers to clean up our room ? 	labels: Oh , yes , ma'am . We'll come right away then.Your room number and your name , please . 
text: Our room number is eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen . 	labels: Thank you.Would you hang up and wait ? 	episode_done:True
text:This is Manager Liang's office , what can I do for you ? 	labels: This is Wang Miao from AB company speaking . Our CEO Mr . Green has an appointment with Mr . Liang tomorrow morning . But there is a minor change in tomorrow's schedule . Mr . Green has an abrupt urgent case tomorrow and he has to go abroad today . He wanted me to convey his apology to Mr . Wang . 
text: OK ! I'll tell him . 	labels: And Mr . Green will make another appointment when Mr . Wang comes back . 
text: Ok ! Thanks for calling . 	labels: Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:George , did you remember to buy me the book ? 	labels: Sorry , darling , I forgot . 
text: When will you buy it then ? 	labels: I promise you'll have it tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Your husband is very helpful , isn't he ? 	labels: Willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Last night he told the children acliff-hangerstory and both of them were scared out of sleep . 	episode_done:True
text:Why aren't you doing your homework ? 	labels: I'll do it later , Dad . I must prepare the concert on Saturday . 
text: Oh , is it ? You'll be making records next , will you ? 	labels: We hope so . 
text: You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday . 	labels: Oh dad . You don't understand at all . 
text: I certainly could.You ' ll get exams next month . 	labels: I don't need it to play the guitar . 
text: Oh , don't you ? God save me ! 	labels: I'm sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:but a house is so expensive.	labels:that's why we need to save money.	episode_done:True
text:but the house is so nice.	labels:it's in a great neighborhood.	episode_done:True
text:Is the Chinese team taking the lead ? 	labels: No , it's the Japanese team . 
text: Japanese teams always play a dark horse . 	labels: Well , their team work is well worth learning . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Bob . Can you give me an update of the situation ? 	labels: Mary's is handling it . 
text: Is everything under control ? 	labels: Of course . Mary is our most experienced member . 	episode_done:True
text:thank you very much.	labels:i am really excited for you.	episode_done:True
text:your daddy was a good little boy.	labels:how do you know? were you his mommy, too?	episode_done:True
text:all you have to do is vote and put a stamp on it.	labels:how easy is that?	episode_done:True
text:I want to open an account . 	labels: What kind of account do you want to open ? 
text: I want to open a checking account . 	labels: Do you know the minimum balance you ’ re required to keep ? 
text: How much is that ? 	labels: You have to maintain a minimum balance of $ 100 . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes , really . 
text: What if I can ’ t meet that requirement ? 	labels: You will be fined . 
text: How much is the fine ? 	labels: It ’ s going to cost you $ 25 . 	episode_done:True
text:And so , that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year . Thank you very much for your time . 	labels: Hey , that was quite the presentation ! Honestly , I was completely blown away by your strategy outline . I've gotta say , Alex , you really wowed me today . 
text: Aw , come on , it was nothing . I'm just doing my job . 	labels: No , I think you deserve some recognition here ; I mean , if I look back on your previous presentations , this is a huge improvement . 
text: Well , Kristin did give me a hand with the slides.She ' s a real wiz on PowerPoint . 	labels: And I saw that you took on board my feedback about pricing strategies . I really appreciate you taking the time to think though my suggestions . 
text: Yeah , well , that was some good advice . You made some really good points . 	labels: Well , I just wanted to say well done . Really you did a great job . 	episode_done:True
text: Kate, how old were you when you had your first boyfriend?	labels: My first proper boyfriend was probably when I was 14.
text: 14. What was his name?	labels: His name was Murray.
text: Murray. Wow. And did you meet him through school?	labels: He went to a different school, he went to a school near my school.
text: OK, so how did you meet him?	labels: We met through mutual friends. His friend knew my friend. 
text: OK. So now what, so did you actually go on dates with him when you were 14?	labels: Yes, we did. 
text: Wow. Where did you go? 	labels: We went to the cinema. We used to go and listen to music, watch bands, and we used to go to like the fair, and things like that.
text: Oh, cool. So were your parents cool with you having a boyfriend?	labels: Yes, yes. They really liked him.
text: Yeah, and they, Wow, that's really good, cause a lot of times parents aren't very cool with...	labels: Yeah. We went out a long time.
text: How long did you go out?	labels: Two and a half years, nearly three years.
text: So it finished when you were 17?	labels: Yeah, 17.
text: Do you still keep in touch with him?	labels: Yes, he's living in my flat at the moment.
text: Really, Wow!	labels: Yeah, we're like really good friends.
text: Oh, that's good. 	labels: He's renting my flat off of me.	episode_done:True
text:I want to send some money to Nanchang . Is it handled here ? 	labels: Yes , sir . How much would you like to remit ? 
text: I want to remit 1,200 yuan to my brother in Nanchang . 	labels: No problem . Do you want the money to go by M / T or T / T ? 
text: What's the difference ? 	labels: If you take M / T , it will take a longer time for your brother to receive the money . 
text: OK . I'll take T / T . 	labels: Would you please fill in this application form ? 
text: All right . Here it is . 	labels: For 1,200 yuan to Nanchang , the commission is 12 yuan . 
text: Here you are . Thanks . 	labels: You are welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:well, i guess that's why he did it.	labels:what's the point?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? 	labels: Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . 
text: OK , please put it on this scale.Airmail or by sea ? 	labels: How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? 
text: Usually about two month . 	labels: That's too long.How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? 
text: About ten days . 	labels: Then how much is that by airmail ? 
text: Let me see.It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . 	labels: That's a little bit expensive . 
text: Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . 	labels: I guess I have to send it by airmail . 
text: Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space . 	labels: OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to our factory . 	labels: I've been looking forward to visiting your factory . 
text: Actually , you'll know our products better after the visit . I'll show you around and explain the operations as we go along . 	labels: That'll be most helpful . 
text: Maybe we could start with the Design Department . And then we could look at the production line . 	labels: How much do you spend on design development every year . 
text: About 10 % of the gross sales . 	labels: That's fine . 	episode_done:True
text:but, mom!	labels:you can watch tv after you do your homework.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere . 	labels: Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out . 
text: Will you have it later ? 	labels: I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you do me a favor ? 	labels: Sure . What is it ? 
text: Could you run over to the store ? We need a few things . 	labels: All right . What do you want me to get ? 
text: Well , could you pick up some sugar ? 	labels: Okay . How much ? 
text: A small bag . I guess we also need a few oranges . 	labels: How many ? 
text: Oh , let's see . . . About six . 	labels: Anything else ? 
text: Yes . We're out of milk . 	labels: Okay . How much do you want me to get ? A gallon ? 
text: No . I think a half gallon will be enough . 	labels: Is that all ? 
text: I think so . Have you got all that ? 	labels: Yes . That's small bag of sugar , four oranges , and a half gallon of milk . 
text: Do you have enough money ? 	labels: I think so . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you OK ? 	labels: Yeah . Why not ? 
text: Because ... I heard John got married yesterday . 	labels: Oh , you went to the wedding ? 
text: No , he didn't tell me about it . Don't feel bad . 	labels: I'm OK . I promise . Maybe you don't know that I have done with him for a long time . 	episode_done:True
text:Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright ? 	labels: Fine with me . I just want to get this over with . It ’ s important we make a clean break . I should have signed a pre-nup . 
text: What was that ? 	labels: Nothing ! Anyway , you ’ re right , there ’ s no reason this has to be nasty.My lawyer tells me you ’ Ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property , as well as the custody agreement - I keep the cat and you get the dog . So that ’ s done ... finally . 
text: Let ’ s not go there , Joanne ! Ok , so let ’ s start with the record collection , I ’ ll take the albums I contributed and you can have your cheesy disco albums back . 	labels: Fine , but I ’ m keeping the antique gramophone as my grandfather gave it to me . 
text: I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it ! 	labels: He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway ! 
text: Whatever ! Alright , I ’ ll concede the silly gramophone , if you ’ ll agree that I get the silver tea set . 	labels: How typical , when are you ever going to use a silver tea set ? Fine ! I don ’ t want to drag this out any longer than necessary . What ’ s next ? What about these old photographs ? 
text: Which ones ? Let me have a look.Wow , look at that ! That brings back memories ... That ? 	labels: Our trip to Italy ! I remember that day . We were going to visit the Trev fountain , and we got caught in the rain ... 
text: ... and you looked so adorable with your hair all wet . I had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain ... 	labels: Oh , we really did have fun back then , didn ’ t we ? 
text: Oh , Joanne , are we making a big mistake ? I know our relationship has been on the rocks for sometime but are you sure we can ’ t reconcile and try again ? I still love you . 	labels: Oh Jeff ! I love you too ! I ’ m so glad we didn ’ t have to decide who keeps the motorcycle . 	episode_done:True
text:Will you be at the family reunion next year ? 	labels: Yes , we'll be there , come hell or high water ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? 	labels: Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? 
text: Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? 	labels: OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . 
text: I want the one with the highest interest rate . 	labels: That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . 
text: All right . I'II open this one . 	labels: Just fill out these forms , and I ’ ll be with you in one second . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! 	labels: So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ? 
text: That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself ! 	labels: Have you ever written up a business plan before ? 
text: Well , no.it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ? 	labels: You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc . 
text: Well , that seems easy enough . 	labels: Wait , there ’ s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’ ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea . 
text: Geez . Is that all ? 	labels: Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Could you tell me the way to the Star Hotel ? 	labels: Yes . Go down the main road . You can't miss it . 
text: How long will it take me to get there ? 	labels: It's only about a five-minute walk . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:have you heard something that you're not telling me?	labels:what do you mean?	episode_done:True
text:i go to pasadena city college.	labels:do you like it?	episode_done:True
text: OK. Daisuke!	labels: Yes.
text: You work at the fish market?	labels: Yep.
text: OK. What's the fish market like?	labels: It's, I'm working for Tsukigi Fish Market, which is quite big and it's of course the two place, which is inside and outside. I work for outside. 
text: Outside?	labels: Yeah. Inside is for, um, for professional people, like restaurant people, chefs cause the inside to buy better fish and outside fish market is for normal people like us, like everybody can go and buy fish.
text: OK, well what do you do everyday at the fish market?	labels: Normally sell the fish. It's the main job. But I also have to carry fish,  and you know, um carrying ice and put, put ice, um, yeah, and preserve fish.
text: Wow, what time do you start work?	labels: 5
text: Wow, that's pretty early. 	labels: Yeah.
text: Wow. What time do you have to get up to get to work?	labels: About 4
text: 4	labels: No.
text:No? Well, that's too bad. 	labels: Yeah, it's no good.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to have steak and a beer . 	labels: Would you like it rare , medium or well-done ? 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Li , the report has been finished . 	labels: So fast ! Thank you . 
text: You're welcome . This is my duty . Anything else ? 	labels: Yes , you'd print out the address and telephone number of those guests from your computer , and then send those materials to each business worker . 
text: OK , I'll do it right now . 	labels: By the way , to tell them try to persuade those new guests to cooperate with us . Because I found a biggest opponent from this post-trip . 
text: Yes , I get it . 	labels: OK , it's no anything . Do what you should do . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard Jenny divorced her French husband ? 	labels: Oh , really ? No wonder that she looks quite depressed recently . 
text: Yes . They used to be joined at the hip . 	labels: I heard they were just married for half a year . 
text: That ’ s true . She said they often argued over nickel-and-dime things . 	labels: Yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but full of culture shock . 
text: You said it . You know , they fell in love at the first sight and quickly jumped into marriage . 	labels: Maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married . 	episode_done:True
text:I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Where is she going to college ? 	labels: She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship . 
text: Really ? That's the icing on the cake . Congratulation again ! 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I did!She got mad at me and then proceeded to slap me.	labels:Ouch!Did you try to get a new roommate?	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . 	labels: Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! 
text: Actually , uh , I made it myself ... 	labels: You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ... ? 	episode_done:True
text:Nice weather , honey ! 	labels: The days are getting longer ! 
text: May and Daniel often like this kind of weather . 	labels: Yeah , they can enjoy themselves in the day time and it is not so hot . 
text: Honey , how about taking them to the beach this weekend ? 	labels: That's great ! 
text: Since last time we've climbed the mountain , we haven't gone out for a long time . 	labels: And this kind of weather is rare for the season either . 
text: Yes , I remember last year this time , the weather is so hot . 	labels: So we must seize this chance to go the beach . 
text: Daniel loves the beach very much ! 	labels: He will enjoy himself this weekend . 	episode_done:True
text:how did you get it?	labels:my sister had a cold. she gave it to me.	episode_done:True
text:Usually cities have greater traffic problems . 	labels: Of course , there're too many people . 
text: I hate the car columns on the road . 	labels: But we couldn't help it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , still in the office ? It ’ s already 7 . 	labels: I would like to go but I have to finish a very important presentation . Our boss needs it for tomorrow ’ s morning meeting and I was given the complete information only late this afternoon . 
text: Sounds like our boss . Typically him always late with important information . Anything I can help ? 	labels: Oh , that will be great . Thank you so much . Please help me to double-check the name list . I have to make sure they are all correct . 
text: Ok , shall I make a coffee first ? 	labels: Not for me . It is already late . I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late . 	episode_done:True
text:I wonder if you agree that money is not happiness . 	labels: I don't entirely agree with you . 
text: Then how do you explain so many rich people committing suicide ? 	labels: Well , that's a thing . 	episode_done:True
text:How's it going ? 	labels: Great ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , what's the checking time for flight FA1187 ? 	labels: Have you paid the airport fee ? 
text: Yes , and I have already gone through the safety inspection . 	labels: In that case , please get your passport and boarding card ready . Just wait in the terminal for twenty more minutes.You will hear the announcement . 	episode_done:True
text:Ahhchooo ! 	labels: You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? 
text: No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . 	labels: I never have seasonal allergies . 
text: Consider yourself lucky . 	labels: What are all the symptoms ? 
text: Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . 	labels: That doesn't sound good . 
text: No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? 	labels: Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . 
text: Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . 	labels: I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body . 
text: That's pretty bad . 	labels: But that doesn't stop me from drinking . Ahahah . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick . 	labels: Well you should have picked , in the end you always complain about everything . 
text: Not everything , just this film . Even the title is ridiculous . and it ’ s so long , those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life , so much so that I ’ m thinking about asking them to give me my money back . 	labels: I ’ m thinking of taking you back home . I thought we could have a nice evening , but you ’ re always so negative . 
text: I ’ m only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage . 	labels: You see , that ’ s what I ’ m talking about , I can ’ t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore 
text: Next time , go with your gay friend who is more in touch with his feelings . 	labels: Well he ’ s more of a man than you are ; at least he appreciates love stories . 
text: Love stories ? More like one-night-stands . 	labels: Don ’ t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours ; they ’ re no saints . 
text: My friends ? Fat ? What about those whales you call friends ? 	labels: You ’ re unbearable ; you can walk home , I ’ m leaving . 	episode_done:True
text:me, too. i love them roasted and salted.	labels:i love boiled peanuts.	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , madam . May I help you ? 	labels: Do you have some new perfume ? 
text: I am sorry , madam . I didn't hear you . It's too noisy here . Could you please say it again ? 	labels: Well , I wanna buy some new perfume . 
text: Would you please wait a minute ? I will get one for you at once . 	labels: That's all right . 
text: Here you are . 	labels: Can I open it ? 
text: Yes , certainly , madam . 	labels: It smells sweet . 
text: Yes , it is . This perfume just arrived yesterday , and it's the latest products of Chanel . 	labels: Really ? How much is it ? 
text: 55 dollars , madam . 	labels: Ok , I will take two bottles . 
text: Thank you . Do you need something else ? 	labels: No , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:May I show you to your room ? 	labels: Ok . 
text: Here , let me help you with your bags . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ? 	labels: I don ’ t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me . 
text: Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ’ t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too . 	labels: Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you ? 
text: Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that so 	labels: That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons . 
text: The pleasure ’ s all mine , Rebecca . 	labels: I hope to hear from you very soon . 	episode_done:True
text:why haven't you answered the phone?	labels:my bad, i had chores to do.	episode_done:True
text:We should,but he can find out.	labels:I know.If he found out,he would ruin everyone is life.	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like the double cheese burger meal , please . 
text: What kind of drink would you like with that ? 	labels: Just coke will be fine . 
text: Would you like a super size meal ? Only 2 RIB more , you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium . And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes . 	labels: That sounds good , thanks , I'd like that . Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke , thanks . 
text: That's not a problem , Miss . Will that be it ? 	labels: Yes , that's all . 
text: That will be 25RMB , please 	labels: You got it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Kate . 	labels: Hi , Peter . I didn't see you last night . Where did you go ? 
text: I was almost on line the whole night . 	labels: Did you play network games the whole night ? 
text: No , I listened to the music , too . 	labels: What are you going to do now ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . 
text: Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few . 	labels: So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ? 	episode_done:True
text:Ok . Let ’ s look at our short presentation on China . What do we need to include ? 	labels: We need to talk about the size of the country and its population . 
text: Ok . China is about the same size as Canada and the united states and it has a population of about 1.3 billion , making it the latest country in the world by population . 	labels: It says here that most of the people are han Chinese , but there are 55 minorities that make up almost 10 % of the population . 
text: We need to say something about the geography and climate of china . Is there any way to divide the country into sections ? 	labels: We could divide into five parts . There ’ s the northeast , which is mild in summer and very cold in winter . Then there is the northwest , which is largely desert . Tillet is famous for its mountainous climate . The rest of the country can be roughly divided into two parts . One is temperate-mild in winter and warm in summer . Then , in the south it is hot most of the year . 
text: That sounds very general . 	labels: It is , buy remember that we only have a few minutes to make our presentation . We can select cities from each part and give data for each one . 
text: One from each part ? Lhasa , Urumqi , Harbin , shanghai , and hongkong . The capital city is Beijing , right ? 	labels: Yes . The other large cities are Chengdu , Dalian , Wuhan , tianjin , shenyang , Chongqing . Hongkong and Guangzhou . 	episode_done:True
text:it hurt her feelings.	labels:oh.	episode_done:True
text:My dear , it's five flights up ! 	labels: That's all right.We ' ll get used to it.Besides , it is quiet up there.We ' re little further away from the street and traffic noise and there's no one living over us . 
text: Is the place well-furnished ? 	labels: Yes , it's pretty bright in there and big enough for our children to play . 
text: What about the kitchen ? 	labels: The stove and refrigerator are in good working order , and I don't see any loose electric wiring that could cause fires . 
text: Are the plumbing all right ? 	labels: The plumbing seems OK , too.The toilet flushes and the shower has hot and cold water , and the sinks don't seem to leak . 	episode_done:True
text:Did your wife give birth yet ? 	labels: Yeah . She's a healthy beautiful girl . 
text: Congratulations . How is your wife doing ? 	labels: She is tired , but getting a lot of rest now . 
text: That's good to hear . 	labels: I'm just glad there were no complications . 
text: If your wife and baby are both happy , what more can you ask for ? 	labels: It's been a week , and I haven't slept that well . 
text: That's normal for anyone with a newborn . 	labels: Yeah , but it's so hard . I have to work , and then go home and take care of my wife and the baby . I'm going to get sick at this rate . 
text: You'll get used to it . After everything stabilizes , you can regain your health . 	labels: That's true . I should make sure my wife and baby stay healthy during this time . 	episode_done:True
text:But that's what pockets are for.	labels:You should carry them in a purse.	episode_done:True
text:The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ? 	labels: Sure . I've reviewed all the lessons I have learned this academic year . 
text: Are you sure you can do well this year ? 	labels: I am 100 % certain . 
text: According to what you did last time , I have my doubts . 	labels: I am sure I can get a 95 this time . 	episode_done:True
text: Why are you taking so long? Is something wrong?	labels: Sorry, my bag of chips got stuck.
text: Vending machines suck, huh?	labels: They're the worst, but the food is great.
text: It might come out if someone buys an item from the same column yours is on.	labels: Can you be that someone?
text: Sure, why not? I could use some chips.	labels: Thanks! Hey, what is your name?
text: My name is Charlie.	labels: Nice to meet you, Charlie.
text: What is your name?	labels: Hater of Vending Machines.	episode_done:True
text:everyone tells you a different story about the same thing.	labels:three different people will give you three different stories.	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m deeply grateful for all you ’ Ve done . 	labels: You ’ re welcome . I enjoyed helping you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? 	labels: Hello , is that Miss Smith ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: This is Mr.Gao . How are you ? 
text: Not too bad , thanks . And you ? 	labels: Fine . Listen . Are you free on Wednesday night ? I'd like to invite you to dinner . 
text: I'm terribly sorry , but I've already made arrangements for Wednesday . 	labels: That's a pity . How about Thursday ? 
text: That would be fine . 	labels: Great . What time would you like to meet ? 
text: Whenever is suitable for you . I have no plans for that day . 	labels: OK , let's say 6 
text: And where would you like to meet ? 	labels: I can pick you up at the gate of your company . Also , what type of food do you like ? 
text: I'm not very familiar with Chinese cuisine . What can you recommend ? 	labels: Well , have you heard of Peking Duck ? it's a local specialty . 
text: Of course ! Peking Duck is world-famous . I would love to try it . 	labels: OK , let's have that then . 
text: All right . Well , I'll see you later . 	labels: See you later , goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:would you put suntan lotion on my back, please?	labels:sure.	episode_done:True
text:i love to eat the hot dogs.	labels:i hope we'll see a home run.	episode_done:True
text:Can you change American dollars into French francs . 	labels: Yes . How much do you want ? 
text: Fifty dollars . What is the exchange rate today ? 	labels: One dollar to five franc . Is that alright ? 
text: Yes , please . and you can cash my travelers check . Can ’ t you ? 	labels: Of course we can . 
text: I won ’ t to be here tomorrow . What are you business hours ? 	labels: 10 o ’ clock in the morning to 2 o ’ clock in the afternoon . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Not at all . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! 	labels: What ? What did you buy ? 
text: It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! 	labels: What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ? 
text: There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick . 	labels: And ? 
text: So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks . 	labels: And it's a brick ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box ? 
text: I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new . 	labels: So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic . 
text: Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new . 	labels: But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars ? 
text: He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen . 	labels: Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated ! 
text: C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box . 	labels: That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there.Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks . 	episode_done:True
text:Is the view going to be ok ? 	labels: Don ’ t worry , you did a good job and it should be fine . 
text: I ’ ll do my best . 	labels: That ’ s the way to go . 	episode_done:True
text:are you ready for your first driving lesson ? 	labels: yes . Which one is the brake again ? 
text: the pedal on your left is the brake and the one on your right is the gas . 	labels: I ’ m glad this car is an automatic . I don't like having to change gears . 
text: automatics are very simple to drive . The first thing you should do is put your seat belt on . 	labels: you should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver ’ s seat ! 
text: very funny . Next you should check your side mirrors and your rear view mirror . Can you see out of them ? 	labels: I can ’ t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car . Could you move it forward a bit , please ? 
text: how ’ s that ? 	labels: that ’ s better . Now what ? 
text: check your petrol situation . 	labels: the tank is almost empty . I guess I ’ ll drive to the petrol station to fill it up . 
text: that ’ s a good idea . Put your keys in the ignition , start it up , put the car in reserve , wait for the road to be clear , and then back out of the driveway . 	labels: I got it . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get you there in one piece . 
text: remember , no honking this time . The horn is only for emergencies ! 	labels: why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ? 	episode_done:True
text: Oh, I am so tired.	labels: I know what you mean.
text: I don't know if I can continue working like this.	labels: I know. I've been doing it a lot longer than you.
text: Isn't there something we can do?	labels: I have complained about the double shifts before.
text: What has management told you?	labels: They said they are hiring more people, and that this is temporary.
text: I need this job, but I don't like these hours at all.	labels: Just hang in there. I'm sure it will change.
text: It'd better change, and the sooner the better.	labels: You're right. People may start leaving.	episode_done:True
text:I am so worried about this English contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now ! 	labels: I have confidence in you . Believe in yourself . 	episode_done:True
text:maybe you're right.	labels:maybe we should get going.	episode_done:True
text:Now tell me , what's your problem ? 	labels: I don't feel like eating . And I cannot sleep well . 
text: Do you have a fever ? 	labels: Yes , a low fever . I feel terrible . Am I dying ? 
text: Certainly not . Take one of these white pills three times a day . 	labels: Before the meals or after the meals ? 	episode_done:True
text: True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P	labels: My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine 😛 do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Alex . How are you doing ? 	labels: Just fine , Karen . I ’ m just taking a breather from all this paper work ! 
text: I know the feeling . I ’ m calling to let you know about this new Italian place I found . It ’ s right around the corner . 	labels: I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name ? 	episode_done:True
text:My friend Jane is very beautiful . 	labels: What's her figure ? 
text: Perfect . And I like her charming eyes , too . 	labels: What's the color of her eyes ? 
text: Dark blue . 	labels: how old is she ? 	episode_done:True
text:How do you usually spend your time , now that you ’ Ve retired ? 	labels: Well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ’ t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer than in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up . 
text: What do you have for breakfast ? 	labels: I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast . 
text: that sounds nice . How do you spend your mornings ? 	labels: I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about 20 minutes to drive there . 
text: How do you spend your afternoons ? 	labels: I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , do you have any rooms available ? 
text: A single ? 	labels: No . I need a double and three triples . My family is waiting for me in the car . 
text: Please fill out this form , sir . 	labels: Ok ... Here you are . 
text: Here are your keys . Check out time is noon . 	labels: Is breakfast included ? 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , bags aren't permitted inside the supermarket . 	labels: Oh , I'm sorry . 
text: Don ’ t worry . Just check in your bag before entering . 	labels: Thanks . Could you tell me where I should deposit my bag ? 
text: The checkroom is just behind the front door . 	labels: OK . I will deposit my bag right now . 	episode_done:True
text:Is everything to your satisfaction ? 	labels: No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . 
text: Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . 	labels: This is very annoying . 
text: I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . 	labels: No , I don't risk it . 
text: How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ? 	labels: I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening . 	episode_done:True
text:this city is full of jerks.	labels:rude people are everywhere.	episode_done:True
text:How would you like your hair set ? 	labels: I'd like to have it in big waves . 	episode_done:True
text: Nice, what all places would you be going to?	labels: Australia and New Zealand to start then maybe Singapore	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , where is the nearest bank ? 	labels: There is one next to the post office , round the corner . 	episode_done:True
text:what's wrong with looking pale?	labels:people think you might be sick.	episode_done:True
text:It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ? 	labels: It's very hot , the temperature is often over 40C . 
text: Do you like the weather in Seattle ? 	labels: Not really.But I like it in spring and fall . I don't like it in winter . 
text: Why ? 	labels: The winter is very rainy , I don't like the rainy day . 
text: What about the weather in Boston ? 	labels: I lived there for three years . I like summer but I don't like winter . 
text: Is it very cold in winter ? 	labels: Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall . 	episode_done:True
text:Could I pay for my parking ticket ? 	labels: I need to see your ticket . Do you have it ? 
text: Here's my ticket right here . 	labels: I'm going to need to see your ID . 
text: I don't have it . 	labels: You can't pay your fine without your ID . 
text: I don't understand why I can't just pay you . 	labels: We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it . 
text: I get it now . 	labels: Just come back when you have your ID with you . 
text: Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine ? 	labels: Only if you pay your fine . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Sarah . The results of questionnaire have come out . We need to discuss it together then write a research report . 	labels: How is the new product ? 
text: 30 % of the people are attracted by the style . Buyers always pay great attention to packing . In my opinion , these goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing . 	labels: Yes , I think so . And how about the price ? 
text: Almost 30 % of the consumers can ’ t accept the price . Maybe we should lower our price a little . 	labels: Yes , I agree with you . We should add our opinions to the research report . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ? 	labels: Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn ’ t get a chance to memorize the second page , but I think I mastered the tricky section . 
text: Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ’ s take a look at this tricky section . 	labels: Charles ? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here ? 
text: It might work . I ’ ll have to hear it . Show me what you ’ Ve done . Not bad . 	labels: It was horrible ! I played play it much better at home ! 
text: It ’ s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ’ t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp but now it ’ s a G-natural . Now add the bass clef . You ’ re going too fast . Remember the tempo for this piece is andante . 	labels: Is that better ? 
text: Yes , much better . Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal . What was that ? 	labels: Sorry ! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you coming or not ? 	labels: I haven't decided yet . 
text: Well , make up your mind . We need to know . 	labels: Ok , count me in . 	episode_done:True
text:Why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week ? 	labels: I'd love to . 
text: Which day would suit you ? 	labels: Any day except Tuesday . 
text: How about Thursday ? 	labels: Yes , Thursday would be fine . What time shall I come ? 
text: Oh , about 6:00 . Will that be OK ? 	labels: Yes , of course . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:What are your strengths and weaknesses ? 	labels: As I said , I am diligent and industrious . On the other hand , I am too hard-working and I put myself under much pressure to make things perfect . 
text: What is your problem in working ? 	labels: I am too introverted to let others become my friends . 	episode_done:True
text:can they take their belongings?	labels:yes, if they do it quickly.	episode_done:True
text:You are late . 	labels: I'm sorry , it was too cold , and my car couldn't start . I had one to the garage with the heater . I tried to call you , but you couldn't get connection . 
text: Couldn't get connection ? 	labels: Yes , your number is out of service . 
text: Really ? I didn't know . Let me check . You're right . 	labels: So I couldn't get through . 
text: It's a serious problem . I make expecting an important call . The theater is guilty . It supposed to call me this evening , and discuss my play . What were happened if they can't reach me ? 	labels: Well , the only thing you can do is pay the fee to recover your service . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce ! 	labels: Are you trying to lose weight ? 
text: Yeah , my friend is getting married next month and I ’ m supposed to be a bridesmaid . I have to fit into my dress and look nice for her wedding , but I haven ’ t lost any weight ! Look at these love handles . 	labels: You don ’ t have to starve yourself to lose weight . I think that ’ s where you ’ re going wrong . 
text: Why ? If I eat less , then my body will start eating away at my fat reserves , right ? 	labels: Not really . You should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . Stay away from oily food and artificial flavors . 
text: So you are saying that I should eat , but I should just watch what I eat ? 	labels: Yes ! You can also try to reduce your intake of carbohydrates and foods that are high in cholesterol . You can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish . 
text: If I do all this do you think I can lose twenty pounds in four weeks ? 	labels: Don ’ t count on it . 	episode_done:True
text: This is the first time I've ever had to do a timesheet.	labels: Well, they're very easy to do.
text: You've done this before. Maybe you can help me.	labels: Sure, I can help.
text: What do I need?	labels: You'll need your employee number.
text: Okay, I'll look it up.	labels: Once you have that, all you need to do is log your hours.
text: I have a good idea what hours I worked this week.	labels: You need to be accurate.
text: It will be pretty close.	labels: It must be exact. You don't want to cheat the company, or yourself.	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing ? 	labels: I ’ m just looking for a nice pillow on Ebay . 
text: You are shopping for a pillow online ? That ’ s absurd ! 	labels: Why ? I don ’ t have to leave the house or browse a dozen stores to find what I ’ m looking for . This way , I just search for it online quick and easy . 
text: I see , but how do you pay for it ? How do you know you aren ’ t going to be ripped off by the seller ? 	labels: Well , the website handles a point system where if the seller does something wrong , people comment negatively and then you know that he or she may not be trustworthy . 
text: Wow , that sounds pretty safe . So how do you pay ? Do you need a credit card ? 	labels: You can use a credit card or your debit card . They also let you use the Paypal system which is really safe and fast . I have never had any problems with someone hacking my information or anything . 
text: Do you think I can find a sweater for my dog online ? 	labels: You can find anything ! Are you sure you want to start shopping online though ? Once you step into this world , there is no turning back ! 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready for the camping trip ? 	labels: All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... 
text: Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . 	labels: Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? 
text: I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . 	labels: Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ? 
text: That's trail mix ! 	labels: Same difference . What's this ? 	episode_done:True
text:I need my minibar restocked . 	labels: Everything is gone , sir ? 
text: There's not a drop left of anything . 	labels: Is there anything in particular you want ? 
text: Yes , the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot . Let me have three more of each . 	labels: Got it . Anything else ? 
text: I really liked the apples . Bring me a couple of apples , please . 	labels: Not a problem . Anything else ? 
text: Oh , yes , one more thing 	labels: Someone will be up shortly with your order , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:he said he would buy her a nice ring.	labels:what's wrong with that?	episode_done:True
text:Have you any evening bus tour ? 	labels: Yes , we have . The city is famous for its beautiful evening scenery . 
text: I have heard of that before . When shall we start ? 	labels: It starts at 7:00 and lasts 3 hours . 	episode_done:True
text:Yes , sir . May I help you ? 	labels: Please I'd like a ticket to New York . 
text: For today ? 	labels: No , early saturday morning . 
text: We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? 	labels: Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at 9 thirty . 
text: I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . 	labels: No , exactly not . 
text: How about afternoon ? 	labels: Sounds not good . I won't take it . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Is flight KL638 late ? 	labels: Yes , I think so.Flight KL638 is still at the airport due to the hurricane . 
text: Oh , my god . If this flight is late . I will for Sydney.What can I do now ? 	labels: Well if so.you should contact with the office over there.Maybe they will do you some help . 	episode_done:True
text:There are so many record players here.That is hard to choose . 	labels: Look at this one.It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . 
text: I'd rather get one with separated speakers.They give a clear sound . 	labels: Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big.Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . 
text: That's right.Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony . 	labels: Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration . 	episode_done:True
text:Then what?	labels:You need to type your PIN in.	episode_done:True
text:Do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince ? Explain the situation ? 	labels: No way . I want the satisfaction of squishing this bug myself . Plus , what if it's Vince ? 
text: I don't think so . Your admirer seems kind of sweet . Aren't you even a little curious about him ? 	labels: He's just a distraction , like a mosquito buzzing in my ear . I want no distractions . 	episode_done:True
text:Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ? 	labels: Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well . 
text: Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion . 	labels: That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic . 
text: Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert . 	labels: Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me something about financial aid ? 	labels: What exactly ? 
text: How to apply for it ? 	labels: In your first letter , that is , when you apply for admission , you should also tell them you need their financial aid . 
text: Then ... 	labels: If the aid is available , they will give you two or more application forms , One is for admission , the others are for the aid . 
text: What if not ? 	labels: They will tell you the aid is impossible . 	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for your help . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:no, the white walk sign was blinking.	labels:you should fight that ticket. i'll be your witness.	episode_done:True
text:Come on . Don ’ t cheat on me . It ’ s a long shot . 	labels: It ’ s true . You should be happy about that . 	episode_done:True
text:it's a great price. but you have to dial a lot of numbers.	labels:how many?	episode_done:True
text:So , Is this your first time to TAIWAN ? 	labels: No , I first came here 1995 . 
text: Oh , really ? And you are from the State , right ? 	labels: Well , I am from Canada . Actually . 
text: Oh , I am so sorry . 	labels: That ' ok . That's happens all the time . 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to drink ? Tea or coffee ? 	labels: Coffee , please . 
text: So , you also like Coffee ? 	labels: Yes , of course . I can't go through a day without coffee in the morning . 
text: Me too , but I think we shouldn't drink too much of it , as it's not very healthy . 	labels: I totally disagree . The other day I read in a book that a number of recent studies suggest that it can be a highly beneficial drink . Researchers have found strong evidence that coffee reduces the risk of several serious aimed 3 ' including diabetes , heart disease and cirrhosis of the liver . 
text: But I also heard that coffee and its caffeine content , serve as a drug on the human body that negatively affects the central nervous system , as well as other organs , and leads to addiction 	labels: I don't think so . Coffee helps me wake up , keep alert , and improve my short term memory . 
text: Well , I adjust going to have to disagree with you . A healthy body wakes up without caffeine ! 	labels: Maybe you are right to some extent . 
text: You may try to have some alternatives and see how you feel . 	labels: Maybe I could have a try . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome,come on in!	labels:Hi,What a nice home!	episode_done:True
text:You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? 	labels: Not bad . Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired . 
text: I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job . 	labels: I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful ! 
text: You know the phrase the survival of the fittest . We have no choices . 	labels: That's right , I have to work . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I would like to place an order for toner cartridges . We have a standing agreement with you company , so we will need the same amount as last time . 
text: Let me key in your information into my computer . I will pull up our records for you . Do you have an order number ? What name is the order listed under ? 	labels: It should be under Leslie Smith . The number is 184796 A . 
text: Yes , Mr . Smith . I have an order for three cases of cartridges , it that what you would like to refill ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Is there the correct billing address ? 	labels: No , PLS post the bill to 124 Hildrod Lane , Milton County , 98830 . 
text: I will send you an invoice in the next few days . Your order should be delivered before the end of the day on Monday . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , no ! Now I'll be late . 	labels: Can I give you a hand ? 
text: Yes , I'd appreciate it if you could drive me downtown . 	labels: Sure thing . I've got time . 	episode_done:True
text:What're you doing now ? 	labels: I'm watching TV . 
text: You're supposed to clean your teeth before you go to bed . 	labels: I will . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Brad . How was your day ? 	labels: Pretty good . Where are you going ? 
text: I'm going home . 	labels: Wait . We have to return to our homeroom and wait to be dismissed . 
text: Is that right ? 	labels: Our homeroom teacher has to take attendance again to make sure that we're all here . 
text: So he takes attendance once in the morning and once in the afternoon . 	labels: Yeah . I'm going to my locker to get my jacket . Catch you later . 	episode_done:True
text:This is No . 1 bus , bound for Sihun . 	labels: Excuse me . I will go to Wangfujing , where should I get off ? 
text: There are another six stops . 	labels: We are arriving at Tiananmen . Please get ready for your arrival . 
text: Is it Wangfujing ? 	labels: No , sir . The next stop is Wangfujing . 
text: OK . 	labels: Please get ready . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: We are arriving at Wangfujing . Please get ready . 
text: Is this where I get off ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:Michael , it is time to wake up . 	labels: Huh ? 
text: Yes , it is time to wake up . And , also , from now on I will speak only English to you . And you should speak only English to me , too . 	labels: Okay , mom . 
text: Right . That's good . 	labels: It will be hard at first , but I think I can do it . 
text: I know you can do it . 	labels: I will do my best . 	episode_done:True
text:i have to hang up. i'm so sleepy.	labels:it's not even 10 o'clock.	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! 	labels: My first grandchild . 
text: And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does . 	labels: Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though . 
text: Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does . 	labels: Well , children usually resemble their parents . 
text: It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is . 	labels: You often like comparing children with their parents . 	episode_done:True
text:all you've lost is some sweat.	labels:i haven't even lost one pound of fat?	episode_done:True
text: I can't wait for summer!	labels: Why?
text: I'm going to Hawaii with my cousins.	labels: That's great! I've never been to Hawaii.
text: It's beautiful there! The beaches are sandy and the weather is nice.	labels: My family and I go to Germany every summer. My grandparents live there. They are too old to travel, so we have to go there every year.
text: That must be fun too.	labels: It's a lot of fun. But I'd love to visit Hawaii someday. How long are you going to stay there?
text: Two weeks.	labels: What are you going to do after you get back?
text: I need to find a part-time job.	labels: You're going to work the rest of the summer?
text: Yeah. I need to make some money for college.	labels: That's a good idea. I should do that too.
text: How long are you going to be in Germany?	labels: Two months.
text: Wow! That's a long time. That's almost the whole summer vacation.	labels: I know. My mom doesn't get to see her parents that often, so we stay for a while.
text: I understand. Family is important.	labels: Yeah. But sometimes I wish I could do other fun things during the summer.	episode_done:True
text: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	labels: I think a triathalon would be cool	episode_done:True
text: Did you hear the news? Carl is retiring.	labels: Why?
text: He's sick. He needs to stop working to take care of his health.	labels: That's so sad.
text: I know! I'm going to miss him.	labels: When is his last day?
text: Next Friday.	labels: That soon?
text: Yeah. I heard his doctor told him to retire immediately.	labels: Wow! He's been at the company for 20 years.
text: That's a long time.	labels: Is anyone going to throw him a retirement party?
text: I don't know.	labels: If no one is, we should throw him one.
text: That's a good idea. Let's talk to the other employees and plan it.	labels: Do you know who is taking his place?
text: I heard it was going to be Bob.	labels: Bob? Is he qualified for that position?
text: I don't know. People are not going to be happy.	labels: I'm not happy.	episode_done:True
text:don't mention it.	labels:when you miss a day of school, i'll be happy to give you the english assignments.	episode_done:True
text:How are your stocks doing , Jim ? 	labels: Oh , all right . I lost a bunch of money in the last two years , but this year has been pretty good . 
text: Yeah . I lost money investing in the Internet , too . 	labels: Just goes to show that you should buy companies , not ideas . 
text: I changed my strategy around too . I invest in good companies now . 	labels: Yeah , me too . Did you hear about Frank ? 
text: No , what happened ? 	labels: He lost his kids ' college money day trading . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , what material is it ? 	labels: Rhaki.Do you want some ? 
text: No , where are the cotton cloths ? 	labels: I will show you . 
text: What is the shrink rate after washing ? 	labels: Less than 5 % . It's quite durable . 	episode_done:True
text:Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it . 	labels: Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well . 
text: Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out . 	labels: Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us . 
text: Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food ? 	labels: The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one . 
text: Oh , no . 	labels: Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ... 
text: I would think this was the least they could do . 	labels: In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while . 
text: Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away . 	labels: I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , is this seat taken ? 	labels: No , please feel free . 
text: Thanks a lot . 	labels: Do you work in Shanghai ? 
text: Yes I do . How about you ? 	labels: No , I'm a tourist . This place is amazing ! It's much bigger than I imagined , and much more exciting ! There's so much to see here . 
text: You can say that again ! It's much more modern than people imagine . Where are you from ? 	labels: Um , well let's see ... I'm from Kansas originally . A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that's for sure ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ? 	labels: No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today . 
text: I try to do that , but I can ’ t get up early enough . 	labels: I couldn ’ t either at first , but you get used to it . 
text: It ’ s so hot at lunchtime ; I ’ d rather run in the morning . 	labels: Well , why don ’ t you come tomorrow ? I ’ ll stop by your house on my way out . 
text: I could try , but I can ’ t say for sure if I ’ ll get up in time . What time do you want to go ? 	labels: I ’ ll give you a call around 6:00 and stop by around 6:30 . 
text: O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ’ ll be able to get up in time for a jog . 	labels: Great , I ’ ll see you then . 	episode_done:True
text:what kind of cheese?	labels:swiss.	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong , officer ? 	labels: You do realize that you ran a red light , don't you ? 
text: I did ? 	labels: You didn't see the red light ? 
text: I'm sorry for running it , but I really didn't know . 	labels: Didn't you learn that red means stop ? 
text: I know that . 	labels: Then tell me why you sped up on the yellow light . 
text: I'm not sure . 	labels: I'm giving you a ticket for this . 
text: I'm sorry for the misunderstanding . 	labels: Maybe you'll think about this before you decide to run another light . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't know. i think i'm average.	labels:did you ever take an iq test?	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece ? 	labels: Most normal little girls go wild over Barbie dolls . 
text: That sounds good . Let me see one . 	labels: Here's the latest model — Digital Barbie . 
text: Oh , she's nice . How much is she ? 	labels: Why , she's only $ 29.95 . 
text: Well , that's reasonable . I'll take it . 	labels: Excellent . Would you like anything else ? 
text: No , thank you . 	labels: The total will be $ 32.42 . Will that be cash ? 
text: Oh , cash will be fine . 	labels: Here's your change . Thank you for shopping with us . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi I came in on flight 513 . Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt , but mine didn ’ t seem to be there . 	labels: Let me check the computer . Uh-oh , Looks like your luggage is on its way to Paris . 
text: You ’ re kidding . What am I going to do ? 	labels: Well , we can give you this lovely shaving kit and call you the minute your luggage arrives here . Just leave us a contact number . 
text: You can reach me at 13661306917 . 	labels: Thank you . I am terribly sorry about this . It very rarely happens . We do have a sophisticated tracking system , so I know we will find it soon . But we apologize for the inconvenience . 
text: That ’ s ok . There wasn ’ t anything important in there anyway . The shaving kit more than makes up for my lost luggage . 	labels: Wow ! I have been working here for 15 years and you ’ re the first person to accept a lost luggage situation cheerfully . 	episode_done:True
text:I need a snack from the cafeteria . 	labels: What are you thinking of getting ? 
text: I only want some chips . 	labels: I think I may get something too . 
text: What do you plan on buying ? 	labels: I have a sweet tooth . I want candy . 
text: What kind of candy do you want ? 	labels: I really want some chocolate . 
text: What kind of chocolate do you want ? 	labels: I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat . 
text: The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats . 	labels: Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers . 	episode_done:True
text:i'm sleepy.	labels:why don't you go to bed?	episode_done:True
text: yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?	labels: I haven't what is it about?	episode_done:True
text:because you can see the stars perfectly.	labels:i really hope it rains today.	episode_done:True
text:what did you say?	labels:i said i have to go to the bathroom.	episode_done:True
text:What can I help you with ? 	labels: May I ask you something ? 
text: What's your question ? 	labels: How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? 
text: What do you need to take it for ? 	labels: I'm trying to get my license . 
text: You need six hours . 	labels: Can I do all six hours in one day ? 
text: You have to do it in three days . 	labels: That's all I have to do ? 
text: That's everything . 	labels: Well , that's a relief . 	episode_done:True
text:Passport , please , madam . 	labels: Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is . 
text: Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form . 	labels: All right . Shall I enter all my belongings ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? 	labels: Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . 
text: Totally agree . What is your solution ? 	labels: Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . 
text: You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . 	labels: It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . 
text: But I don ’ t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses . 	labels: I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team . 	episode_done:True
text:it's more than just a date.	labels:is it your birthday or anniversary?	episode_done:True
text: I love ice cream too!	labels: Okay, top three flavors?	episode_done:True
text:Guess , what I ’ Ve bought for you . 	labels: Oh . it ‘ s a case flowers . It ’ s very kind of you . 
text: I hope you like it . 	labels: I love flowers you know . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:yes?	labels:are you reading this paper?	episode_done:True
text:Are you a smoker ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too . 
text: Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ? 	labels: No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day . 
text: When did you begin to smoke ? 	labels: I had my first cigarette when I was 17 . 
text: Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ? 	labels: Yes . Twice . 	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing , Jim ? 	labels: Fine , just fine.How about you ? 	episode_done:True
text:OK ! Let's get down to business now . 	labels: Say it . 
text: As you know , we should work out cautious and detailed plan for our promotion , so as to guide our company to be successful in the new product , L-series . 	labels: That's right . And in my opinion , to push the sale of the new products is not an easy task . 
text: I know that . I need to discuss this with Arden . And in his opinion , we should widen the scope of our ads , so newspaper and Internet should be adopted in this campaign . 	labels: Could you put it in detail ? 
text: Well . We plan to contact www . on-line advertising . com.cn and Shanghai Morning Newspaper to discuss the advertisement schedule . 	labels: I think the idea is very good . In the promotion campaign , two or more media are used together , so as to draw customers ' attention and keep hold their attention to larger extent . 
text: What kind of media do you recommend ? 	labels: I think TV is also an effective media , as long as our company is willing to spend more money on it . 
text: Well . Arden just mentioned the paper and the on-sales . And I can talk about TV with him later , because TV promotion gets more and more popular among consumers . 	labels: I also think good advertising is essential to call attention to a product and introduce our L-series products . Meanwhile , ads are also the representation of the company's image . 	episode_done:True
text:One Grand Slam breakfast for you ! 	labels: Thanks . You know , I just noticed that these eggs are fried , and I ordered scrambled . 
text: Thank you for pointing that out . I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast . 	labels: Not a problem . I can just trade my plate with his . 
text: A special order of banana pancakes for you ! 	labels: Pancakes ? I don't like pancakes . I ordered waffles . 
text: I am so sorry , madam ! 	labels: I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles . 
text: I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now . 	labels: That would take care of it , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry to trouble you but there is a lot of noise in next room . 	labels: Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? 
text: It ... , I think the neighbor on the right . 	labels: You mean the room 1818 ? 
text: I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhaust but I can't sleep . 	labels: All right madam , I'll check and tell them to be quiet . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Where is the way out ? 	labels: Well , that's what I'm looking for myself . 
text: It's very confusing in here , isn't it ? 	labels: Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ? 
text: It should be the way out . 	labels: OK . Let's go and see . 	episode_done:True
text: The last time in New York, back in June.	labels: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	episode_done:True
text:What did you do last vacation ? 	labels: I learned to drive and I got a driving license . 
text: What will you do this vacation ? 	labels: Travel . 	episode_done:True
text:This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing ! 	labels: It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip . 
text: Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke ! 	labels: I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier ! 
text: Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far ! 	labels: It ’ s fine . Jump in ! 
text: Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark ! 	labels: Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me ! 	episode_done:True
text:I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people . 	labels: And what did the program say ? 
text: It said that people with a positive attitude 7 tend to live longer and happier . 	labels: I think that many physicians 8 now agree with that idea . 
text: And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress . 	labels: And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day . 	episode_done:True
text:Daniel , what are you doing here ? Aren't you supposed to be at school now ? 	labels: The same question to you . 
text: Well , we shall make it a secret between us . 	labels: Deal , Where is Gucci ? 
text: She is the cheer-leader . They are required to put on a performance . Look ! Here they come . 	labels: Oh , look at her . She looks like one is the basketball babies in NBA . 
text: I want to be like her . 	labels: Get real . Don't be so pathetic . 
text: Hey , young man ! I'm your sis . Don't talk to me like that . 	labels: Oh , man , look at her , go ! She is amazing ! She should be my sis . 
text: Boy , you've got such a crush on her , haven't you ? 	labels: Yes , I want to be her boyfriend . Just like in the movie . 
text: Are you out of your mind ? 	labels: She told me she liked my new haircut . She thought it was cool . 	episode_done:True
text:of course they talk about us.	labels:what do they say about us?	episode_done:True
text:i'm going to just hope that the bathroom is clean.	labels:you're not going to examine it before we order dinner?	episode_done:True
text:How did you do in the last quiz ? 	labels: I doubt if I can pass it . 
text: Don't be so worried , You know Professor Robert is not too strict . 	labels: But I often skip his classes , and he doesn't like me . 
text: I hope you'll do better in the final . 	labels: I must , if I want to pass the course . 	episode_done:True
text:OK, then. Have a good day.	labels:have a good day	episode_done:True
text:How do you spend your free time ? 	labels: I read or go swimming , go shopping , usually . I run or play tennis or do something else like those to get some exercises to keep fit . 
text: Are you introverted or extroverted ? 	labels: I wouldn't call myself extroverted . Sometimes , I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times , I like sharing activities with others too , especially during these last few years . 
text: What kinds of sports do you like ? 	labels: I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing . 
text: What kind of personality do you think you have ? 	labels: Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don't like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , what's the charge for a picture ? 	labels: $ 1 . You can get your photos instantly . 
text: That's great . Give me the landscape of the Triumphal for the background . 	labels: No problem . Say ' cheese ' . That's good . Please wait a moment . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? 	labels: Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . 
text: So , what experience do you have ? 	labels: I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . 
text: I can see that from your resume.Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? 	labels: I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . 
text: I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? 	labels: I would rather work full-time . 
text: I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ? 	labels: I am willing to negotiate , but I expect at least $ 40,000 a year . 	episode_done:True
text:Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good . 	labels: What kind of movie is it ? I don ’ t like many of his movies , actually . 
text: It ’ s a thriller . It has Julia Roberts playing the female lead . 	labels: I like thrillers and I like Julia Roberts , so it might be interesting . I read a review today and the critic didn ’ t seem to be very impressed . 
text: What did the critic say ? 	labels: He didn ’ t say it was bad , but he said that it wasn ’ t as good as it could have been , particularly as there were some good actors and actresses in it . 
text: The movie starts at eight o ’ clock , so we have plenty of time to eat and get ready . 	labels: Good . Dinner is nearly ready and I ’ d like to watch the news before we go . The Oscars were last night and I want to see the results . 	episode_done:True
text:i know. every day the weather seems different.	labels:i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.	episode_done:True
text:so, i'll just buy another one.	labels:you can wear this one around the house.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Cindy , I ’ m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ’ t have yelled at you in front of everyone . 	labels: Don ’ t worry about it . 
text: I don ’ t know what happened to me . I just lost it . 	labels: I think you just need to get more sleep . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'm looking for Bob . 
text: He's in a meeting with Phil . 	labels: No problem , I can wait . 	episode_done:True
text:Paul , let's go and see Grandpa this afternoon . 	labels: But Grandpa will be working . 
text: It's Saturday . 	labels: I almost forget . 	episode_done:True
text:I think this suit displays your nice finger . 	labels: Thank you . Could you change it for a purple one ? 
text: No problem . 	labels: Will it shrink when washed ? 	episode_done:True
text:i'm sorry, i can't.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:How can I get my driver's license ? 	labels: Have you taken your driving test yet ? 
text: I have yet to take my driving test . 	labels: Okay , first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork . 
text: When can I take my test ? 	labels: You'll have to make an appointment for that . 
text: I would like to make one right now . 	labels: How does Friday sound ? 
text: That would be great . 	labels: What time would you like to take the test ? 
text: If I could do it in the morning , then that would be good . 	labels: Eleven o'clock on Friday morning . See you then . 	episode_done:True
text:one or two tires were cut on each car.	labels:how many cars?	episode_done:True
text:do you need a pen?	labels:no. i already have a pen.	episode_done:True
text:Saying you want to kill yourself , you terrified me out of my wits . 	labels: I was playing a joke on you . 
text: That ’ s too much . 	labels: Dear , forgive me . I won ’ t do that again . 	episode_done:True
text:i can't wait until i graduate.	labels:me too.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything that you are interested in ? 	labels: Yes . Is this your new product this year ? 
text: Yes . It's a prototype of our new product . It has got more advantages than the second did . 	labels: When is the product going to be on the market ? 
text: It will be released next month . 	labels: So soon ? It seems to be in the early stages . 
text: We have developed new technology about it . And the new product will be a pleasure to be hold . 	labels: Well , it's sounding good ! I'm looking forward to that . 	episode_done:True
text:let me think about it.	labels:why do you have to think about it?	episode_done:True
text:what's wrong with them so soon?	labels:the pants are fine, but the pocket has a huge hole in it.	episode_done:True
text:Mary , do you remember when we met ? 	labels: I won't ever forget it ! I was sitting in the cafeteria all by myself ... 
text: And I came up and asked to sit by you ... 	labels: Oh , it seems like it was just yesterday . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S . 	labels: Yes . I'm leaving tomorrow . I came here just because I want to say good-bye to you . 
text: You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you . 	labels: I'll miss you too , my friends . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you go to the basketball game on Friday ? 	labels: No , I couldn't make it . 
text: You missed a really good game . 	labels: Oh , really ? Who won ? 
text: Our school did . They played really well . 	labels: Too bad I was busy . I really wanted to go . 
text: Yeah , you should have . It was really exciting . 	labels: So what was the score ? 
text: The score was 101-98 . 	labels: Man , that was a really close game . 
text: That's what made it so great . 	labels: I'll make sure and make it to the next one . 	episode_done:True
text:see you soon.	labels:goodbye.	episode_done:True
text:why are you complaining? we're going almost 20 miles an hour.	labels:the speed limit is 65!	episode_done:True
text:Good morning ! 	labels: Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? 
text: Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . 	labels: Engaged.Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? 
text: I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . 	labels: How long do you think she'll be ? 
text: I really can't say how long she'll be . 	labels: Can I leave a message , please ? 
text: Yes , certainly . 	labels: Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? 
text: Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends . 	labels: Me too.Recently , I'm fascinated with net-chat . I've made many friends on the net.Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them . I really enjoy it . 
text: Don't you think it ' s a sheer waste of both time and money ? 	labels: I'm afraid not . Every coin has two sides . I think using internet has a great deal to do with human interaction . 	episode_done:True
text:Your father looks much younger in the picture . 	labels: He was 20 years old then . 
text: How old is he now ? 	labels: He's over sixty . 	episode_done:True
text:Which do you prefer , sour peppery soup or four-jewel soup ? 	labels: Anything's all right with me . I'm not particular about soups . 	episode_done:True
text:My son came home from three years in the navy . 	labels: It was a real red letter day for you . 	episode_done:True
text: Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.	labels: neat. what are y'all eating?	episode_done:True
text:Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it . 	labels: Oh , no , Nathan , I ... I really think we've bought this flat at the right time , you know . Market prices are going to go up , and I think you'll find in a year or two it will be worth a lot more . 
text: But we're going to spend so much money in furnishing and decorating . I think we could get a much cheaper place that's already furnished . 	labels: But don't you like this place ? I remember when we came to see it we thought it would be lovely . 
text: Well , only you liked it really , darling . 	labels: Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy . 	episode_done:True
text:what did you have for breakfast?	labels:the usual, cereal with milk and a banana.	episode_done:True
text:turn on the air conditioner.	labels:it doesn't work.	episode_done:True
text:I want to fly to Congo on Monday , the 17th . 	labels: Let me see what's available . 
text: By the way , I'd prefer a night flight . 	labels: Africa Airline 551 leaves at 9:00 pm . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm told Cold Blood just finished its last cut . 	labels: Yeah , it'll make a hit , I think.When will it be on , do you know ? 	episode_done:True
text:She is really pretty , isn't she ? Her skin looks so baby-smooth ! 	labels: Well , it's just that she put a lot of makeup on her face . Actually , natural beauty comes from within . 
text: Ah , I can smell jealousy in the air . 	labels: She has nothing that deserves my jealousy . I don't have to put things on my face and I still look pretty . Don't you think so ? 
text: Yeah , right . But what did you put on your face last night ? Those little greenish things . 	labels: They are cucumbers . They are natural skin soothers , natural healers of the skin.Haven ' t you heard them say on TV that ... eh ... they soften the skin , wipe out the roughness , counter irritation and build strength and resilience ? 
text: Yeah , yeah , yeah ! They wipe out tight , tired feelings and remove lines and age signs . Blah , blah ... See , I can even recite it . 	labels: That's right . You have learned a lot , haven't you ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? 	labels: Oh , Madam , buy what ? 
text: A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... 	labels: Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . 
text: Isn't this the car store ? 	labels: No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . 
text: Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? 	labels: No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book . 
text: I'm sorry to have bothered you . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Do you speak English ? 	labels: Yes , I do . How can I help you ? 
text: Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? 	labels: Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? 
text: First , what is the number for room service ? 	labels: It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . 
text: Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . 	labels: Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? 
text: Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? 	labels: You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . 
text: I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? 	labels: That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . 
text: Well , thanks a lot for your help . 	labels: No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there . 
text: OK , goodbye . 	labels: Goodbye , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do ? 	labels: Take the books out of the bookcase . Put them in this box . 
text: Well , the books are in the box . What can I do now ? 	labels: Take the magazines out of the bookcase . Put them in that box . 
text: All right . 	labels: Peter ! Pack them . Don't read them . 
text: These magazines are interesting . May I borrow one ? 	labels: Of course . 	episode_done:True
text:Miss Fallen , can you tell me why you want to get a visa to the States ? 	labels: To study . I am going to the University of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years . 
text: And do you have the Letter of Acceptance from the University with you ? 	labels: Yes , here it is . 
text: Thank you very much . And do you have any proof of the financial support for the three years ? 	labels: I've got a letter from my bank here . It shows I am able to support myself during these three years of studies . 
text: Could I see that , please ? 	labels: Yes , here it is . 
text: Thanks very much . Well , I'll be able to give you a visa for one year , a student visa , that is . 	labels: Oh , but mine is a three-year program . 
text: Yes , it is a three-year , but you can renew the visa each year in the States . It is our usual procedure . 	labels: Okay , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ? 	labels: Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters . 
text: What a splendid idea ! 	labels: Outlets usually give you great deals . 
text: Thanks for helping me . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:We used to be very friendly , but it seems now that my daughter ’ s marriage has taken its toll of our relationship . 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: I don ’ t like her husband , that bad egg , but my daughter insists on marrying him . 	labels: She is a grow-up . She can make her own decision . 	episode_done:True
text:do you want to go out for dinner tonight ? 	labels: sure . Have you got anywhere in mind ? 
text: I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions . 	labels: that Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there ? 
text: I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy . 	labels: if you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road ? 
text: I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy . 	labels: you're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us . 
text: the Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food . 	labels: the Taj it is then . 
text: shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money ? 	labels: they'll still charge us a corkage fee . 
text: that's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway . 	labels: don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight . 
text: are you sure ? We could go Dutch . 	labels: no , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time . 	episode_done:True
text:How many undergraduates are hired here each year ? 	labels: Normally , about 60 people . But it may depend . 
text: I see . What kind of backgrounds does the staff have ? 	labels: About 20 % of them come from other countries and the others are employed from domestic universities and colleges . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy . 	labels: I don't think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking . 
text: Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes would do no good . 	labels: No.You can't suddenly make smoking illegal . But the government could prohibit smoking in public places like cinemas and theaters . 	episode_done:True
text:What kind of job do you intend to do ? 	labels: I want to do some management job since I have three-year's work history . 
text: What are your plans if you were hired ? 	labels: I would apply my specialty and experience to my job and gradually move up to the management level in this company . 	episode_done:True
text:okay, mom, maybe i was picking it a little bit.	labels:use a tissue next time.	episode_done:True
text:you can say that again.	labels:but i'm worried about tiger.	episode_done:True
text:I think that I would enjoy living here , but I would like to make improvements . 	labels: What would make this apartment better for you ? 
text: I think that it would look better with a better quality carpet . 	labels: You can have a different carpet , but you have to pay more if it costs more . 
text: How much more would it cost to upgrade ? 	labels: It could vary quite a bit , between 2 and 10 dollars per square yard . 
text: Do you think that I could have a different paint color in my apartment ? 	labels: I have to see a sample . Bring me one this week , please . 
text: How long will it take for my new apartment to be ready ? 	labels: Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week . 	episode_done:True
text:what school do you go to?	labels:i go to pcc.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming . 	labels: I think we would be able to make it . What time shall we come ? 
text: About 7 o'clock . 	labels: Shall we bring any thing ? Some wine ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ? 	labels: My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? 
text: How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? 	labels: Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . 
text: Oh , yes.How old are you ? 	labels: Twenty . 
text: Hum , still a student ? 	labels: Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . 
text: What subjects are you studying ? 	labels: English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . 
text: Have you had any working experience . 	labels: Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . 
text: What do you like to do in your spare time ? 	labels: I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . 
text: How are your English and computer skills ? 	labels: I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing . 	episode_done:True
text: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	labels: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	episode_done:True
text:How do you like you dishes today ? 	labels: Not so delicious as before , but it's fine . The soup is tasty but the meat is a little tough . 	episode_done:True
text:I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again . 	labels: Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier . 
text: You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag . 	labels: I'm sure of what I'm doing . 	episode_done:True
text:I enjoy the folk song and dance show very much . 	labels: I'm glad you appreciate our folk music . But a live performance is much more interesting . 
text: I can't wait anymore . When does the performance start ? 	labels: The show starts at 7 and is over at around 10 o'clock p . m . 
text: ( After the show ) It's an excellent musical . The acting was very expressive and the songs and dancing were superb . 	labels: I'm glad you enjoyed it . It's had long run , but the house has always been full . 
text: What do you think of the leading actors ? 	labels: Personally I liked the main character . He was true to type . 	episode_done:True
text:what was it like?	labels:it was like the real thing.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I would like to cancel one of my accounts . 
text: Is there a problem with your account ? 	labels: I only need one . 
text: What about all your money in that account ? 	labels: Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account ? 
text: That ’ s fine . 	labels: I appreciate it . 
text: Would you like to make a withdrawal ? 	labels: That ’ s all for today . 
text: I ’ ll just cancel your account right now . 	labels: I greatly appreciate your help . 	episode_done:True
text:Evan , are you busy right now ? 	labels: Not really . What ’ s up ? 
text: Well , I need a hand with the fax machine . My fax is not going through . 	labels: I ’ m kind of useless in that area , but I ’ ll take a look at it . 	episode_done:True
text:they are so weak.	labels:a little cigarette controls them.	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d like to have this cashed , please . 	labels: Please put your name and address here . May I see your passport . 
text: Yes . 	labels: How would you like it ? 
text: Ten hundreds and Ten Twenties and the rest of small changes please . 	labels: Ok , here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:What are your thoughts on the apartment ? 	labels: I think that it ’ s absolutely gorgeous . 
text: There aren ’ t any problems with the apartment ? 	labels: I think that the apartment looks very nice , but I do see some problems . 
text: What problems ? 	labels: I did notice a few stains in the carpet . 
text: We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in . 	labels: You will ? 
text: Yes , but other than that , are there any more problems ? 	labels: That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment . 
text: I ’ m happy that you find this apartment so appealing . 	labels: It is . I love it . 	episode_done:True
text:i love to eat the peanuts.	labels:i love to eat the hot dogs.	episode_done:True
text:Room service . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , tomorrow is my friend's birthday.Could I arrange a birthday party for him through you ? 
text: Certainly . 	labels: I want to order a large birthday cake , several kinds of cold dishes , pastries and fruits . 
text: Any drinks ? 	labels: I've got whiskey and brandy but I need some beer and soda.That ' s all . 	episode_done:True
text:Three other people started to bid . One called himself Buddhabuyer , so I knew he meant business . I raised my bid twice , but it kept going up . 	labels: How high did the price go ? 
text: I don't know . I dropped out at $ 250 . 	labels: You didn't watch the end of the auction ? 	episode_done:True
text:Your house is very old . Does it need redecorating ? 	labels: Yes , it really needs redecorating . 
text: Shall I help you with it ? 	labels: I don ’ t suppose you could . 
text: I have much time . I suppose it can be done . 	labels: I ’ ll be glad if you would . 	episode_done:True
text:Does it close at that time every day?	labels:Not always.	episode_done:True
text:How is your sister?	labels:Oh, fine. Not much has changed.	episode_done:True
text:Why have you stopped production ? 	labels: We've had a few problems . One of the bolts has worked loose and a blade has snapped off . 
text: OK . Make sure the power is switched off then tighten up all the bolts on the unit and replace the broken blade . Why is there oil all over the floor ? 	labels: I think the valve is faulty . I couldn't regulate the pressure and the seal burst . I tried opening the emergency valve but it was jammed . 	episode_done:True
text:Crown Hotel . Reservation Desk . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to book a room at your hotel . 
text: What kind of room would you like , sir ? We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in our hotel . 	labels: I'd like to book a single room with a bath from the afternoon of October 2nd to the morning of October 6th . 
text: All right . 	labels: What is the rate , please ? 
text: The current rate is $ 100 per night . 	labels: What services come with that ? 
text: For $ 100 you'll have a radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room every day . 	labels: That sounds not bad at all . I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet . 	labels: I am just casting pearls before swine . 	episode_done:True
text: Did you book the hotel for the trip?	labels: Yes and it comes with something extra!
text: What would that be, exactly?	labels: Continental breakfast every morning!
text: Wow! Do you think they serve pancakes?	labels: Oh, with syrup and fresh fruit.
text: You can't forget the whipped cream!	labels: And freshly brewed coffee!
text: I can't wait to see it all!	labels: I think I'm more excited for breakfast than the trip.
text: Well, breakfast is the most important meal of the day.	labels: That's very true.	episode_done:True
text:Is Tom in ? 	labels: No , he is at work now . 
text: May I have his office phone number please ? 	labels: Sure . It's 289,1234 . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s your attitude when do wrong things at work ? 	labels: The buck stops here . 	episode_done:True
text:that's a lot of work.	labels:tell me when you finish.	episode_done:True
text:Can I give you a hand ? 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Nowadays , ships and boats are no longer so important in transportation as they used to be . 	labels: True . With the extension of railways and highways , and the improvement of safety and capacity of airplanes , ships and boats have been giving place to trains , planes and automobiles . 
text: I read in the newspapers that the passenger liners from Shanghai to Ningpo and Dalian have been out of business ; and the liners up and down the Yangtze River have been reduced by 70 % . 	labels: The pace of life of people is now getting faster and faster , so the speed of ships and boats seems to be so slow . I think it may be the reason why people don't like to travel by boat . 	episode_done:True
text:O . K . So , where do you think we can save more money ? 	labels: Well , we could eat in more . That $ 300 for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants . 
text: Yeah , that ’ s a good idea , and you like to cook . What about the books ? 	labels: No , I need my books . 
text: Come on , if we save more money we can retire earlier , and you ’ ll actually have time to read all those books you buy . 	labels: Well , what about the $ 50 you spent on a shirt ? You could ’ Ve gotten something for less . 
text: O . K . Let ’ s compromise , if you agree to only spend $ 75 on books , I ’ ll agree to only spend $ 40 for my next shirt . 	labels: All right . That sounds fair . 	episode_done:True
text:  We have a lot to do on this presentation.	labels:  I know.  Should we divide the work?
text:  That's a good idea.  I'll outline what needs to be done.	labels:  Ok.  I'll work on the presentation style.
text:  Great!  	labels:  We make a good team.	episode_done:True
text:If I understand the terms correctly , the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option . Is that correct ? 	labels: Do you mean the contract for equipment rental or the one for training ? 
text: I was under the impression that both contracts had the same terms . 	labels: Yes and no . Let me see if I can clarify that . The terms are the same except that the contract for training has a clause that allows for the cancellation after the first six months . 
text: Could you elaborate on that ? 	labels: Sure . What I mean is that either side could cancel the training contract after the six months as long as it's in writing . 
text: Let me see if I have that right . This contract is for six months of training , but if it isn't cancelled , continues for another six months . Is that right ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you OK ? 	labels: Yeah . Why not ? 
text: Because ... I heard John got married yesterday . 	labels: Oh , you went to the wedding ? 
text: No , he didn't tell me about it . Don't feel bad . 	labels: I'm OK . I promise . Maybe you don't know that I have done with him for a long time . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me buy my textbooks ? 	labels: There will probably be a book list in the bookstore . Do you have your class schedule handy ? 
text: No , I don't have that . 	labels: To get started , take that list over to the bookstore . Do you know where the bookstore is ? 
text: I am not sure where the bookstore is . 	labels: When you pass the gym , it'll be the first door on the left . Do you know how to sell your old textbooks for money ? 
text: Yes , I knew I could do that . Exactly how do I go about selling them ? 	labels: If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door , he will reimburse you . Can you go over there today ? 
text: I think maybe I could be there . 	labels: I am free at 1 
text: Maybe that would work . 	labels: I'll catch you later then . Have a wonderful morning . 	episode_done:True
text:Please come in	labels:Thank you	episode_done:True
text:so , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ? 	labels: yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one . 
text: That ’ s usual nowadays . You ’ Ve added a few shelves too . 	labels: yes . You know I ’ Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients . 
text: Did you buy new cupboards too ? 	labels: no , I didn ’ t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added . 
text: I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils . 	labels: yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , you , pick up that piece of garbage ! 	labels: Huh ? Me ? 
text: Yeah , you . I just saw you throw a piece of garbage on the ground . Can't you read the No Littering sign ? It's a $ 500 penalty for littering , so go pick it up and put it in the garbage can over there . 	labels: Why should I do that ? It's only a piece of garbage . Why should you care ? 
text: Because this is a public place , and I want to spend my time here without having to look at your garbage . 	labels: Listen , I really don't know why you're making this into such a big issue . It's only a small piece of garbage in a large space . It's not like there's garbage everywhere . Besides , someone will come along to clean it up at some time or another . 
text: It's not the cleaner's responsibility to pick up after lazy people . It's part of your responsibility to make sure that the place is neat for other people . If everyone thought like you , there'd be garbage everywhere ! The cleaners can't be everywhere ! 	labels: Ok , whatever . See , I'm putting it in the garbage can . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 	labels: Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right . 
text: Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right . 	labels: That's it . It'll take you about five minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you got some nice apples in stock today ? 	labels: What about these ? They are very fresh and exceptionally juicy . 
text: Are they sweet ? 	labels: Very sweet . 
text: How much are they ? 	labels: These are a dollar each and those are 75 cents each . 
text: All right , I'll have a dozen of the dollar ones . 	labels: OK . Anything else ? 
text: Do you have any tangerines ? I'd like to have two kilograms . 	labels: Yes , we've just had some wonderful tangerines in from Tailband . Here they are . 
text: How much is it in all ? 	labels: Thirty dollars . 	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing with your English Language studies ? 	labels: I think I'm making good progress . 
text: Is it harder than you thought ? 	labels: At first it was , but now I've got the basics.It ' s fun . 	episode_done:True
text:I am going to give you an end-of-the-unit test this Friday . Please be prepared for it . 	labels: Would you please tell us how to review our lessons ? 
text: Review all the lessons in this unit and see if you can understand the main idea of each lesson . 	labels: Any other requirements ? 
text: Phrases and sentence patterns are also very important . You should know how to use them . 	labels: Should we remember all the new words and expressions ? 
text: Certainly . 	labels: Sorry , I don't quite understand some difficult points in this unit . I wonder if you could help us to solve the problems . 
text: Well . When you review your lessons , mark the places which you don't understand , then I will give you some coaching . 	labels: When shall we have a coaching period ? 
text: How about tomorrow ? 	labels: Ok . 	episode_done:True
text:I am very nervous about signing my escrow papers . 	labels: Escrow involves a lot of paperwork , but I will explain all of the steps to you as we go along . 
text: What should I have brought with me ? 	labels: The only thing I will need to see is your driver ’ s license , as I will be notarizing these papers . 
text: I feel a little overwhelmed by so many papers . 	labels: Don ’ t worry about how many papers there are . We are going to look at them one at a time . 
text: My boyfriend is an attorney and told me that I could fax him anything if I had a question . 	labels: Please get any outside help that you need in understanding your escrow documents . 
text: Is this the last thing that I will need to do before the house becomes mine ? 	labels: At the close of escrow , the house will be yours ! 	episode_done:True
text: Tiger is the greatest golfer in the world.	labels: You can say that again.
text: But I¬ím worried about Tiger.	labels: Why is that?
text: Because he likes to SCUBA dive.	labels: What¬ís wrong with that?
text: It can be dangerous.	labels: You mean he could drown.
text: He shouldn¬ít SCUBA dive until he retires.	labels: But he dives to relax.
text: He might relax, but it makes me nervous.	labels: If his wife doesn¬ít mind, you shouldn¬ít mind.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , buddy , can ’ t you see there ’ s a line ? 	labels: Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t know . 
text: What ? You haven ’ t taken the bus before ? 	labels: No , I ’ m afraid not . 
text: Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . 	labels: Sorry . 
text: It ’ s all right . Where are you going ? 	labels: I wanted to see the White House . 
text: Oh , well you don ’ t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . 	labels: Oh , no . 
text: It ’ s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A . 	labels: Oh , well thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:  Are you ready to go?	labels:  I don't feel like going out tonight.
text:  You always change your mind at the last minute.	labels:  I'm sorry.  I'm just really tired today.
text:  But I already bought the concert tickets.	labels:  Can you call one of your friends?	episode_done:True
text:Do you know any of them?	labels:No, I didn't pay any attention to who they were.	episode_done:True
text: I need a new computer.	labels: What's the matter with yours?
text: It's six years old.	labels: That's pretty old.
text: It still works, but I'm going to give it to a charity.	labels: Are you going to buy a desktop or laptop?
text: Oh, a laptop, of course.	labels: A PC or a Mac?
text: I haven't decided yet.	labels: More and more people are using Macs.
text: But 90 percent of the world uses PCs.	labels: And that's not going to change anytime soon.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Tim , any news about your job interview ? 	labels: Yeah , I didn't get the job in the end . 
text: Oh , what a pity ! 	labels: It's ok , that's life . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ? 	labels: Bill payment , please . I'd like to pay my electricity bill . I heard there's a new way ; I'm sick and tired of all this queuing ! 
text: Now , you can do it via our Atms . It's convenient and easy to use . And we have 4 machines in this branch , so the queues are not usually very long . 	labels: So , how do I use it ? 	episode_done:True
text:I dare you to talk to that girl . 	labels: Okay , I will . 	episode_done:True
text:Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? 	labels: What's your excuse this time ? 
text: Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? 	labels: Yes , twice last week . 
text: Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . 	labels: I don't think so . But it could've been . 
text: Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . 	labels: I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? 
text: I'll do my best . 	labels: Just try to be a little more punctual in the future . 	episode_done:True
text:I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . 	labels: So you have to open all the envelopes . 
text: Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . 	labels: Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? 	episode_done:True
text:Which bus should I take from PHS to Sons ? 	labels: Can you tell me which Sons you want to go to ? 
text: I believe that it's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove . 	labels: You'll have to catch two different buses to get there . 
text: Do you know which buses I need to take ? 	labels: The 268 is the first bus you need to catch . 
text: What do I do after I get on the 268 ? 	labels: Get off when you get to Fair Oaks and Washington . 
text: Then what ? 	labels: Catch the 261 and get off at Sons . 
text: That's all ? 	labels: That's all you have to do . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . I'm Duty Manager today ; you wanted to speak to me ? 	labels: Yes . I hope you can help . I'm interested in obtaining a Working Capital Loan . So , I was wondering what you offer here ? Do you have various types ? 
text: Yes , Sir . We can provide these loans in both local and foreign currency , Temporary Working Capital Loans , Short-term Working Capital Loans and Mid-term Working Capital Loans . 	labels: I see ... 
text: Which one interests you , Sir ? 	labels: To be honest , I'm not exactly sure what we require just now . 	episode_done:True
text:Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano ? 	labels: No , mom . Piano is for girls . 
text: Well , there are many boys that can play the piano very well , like Jay Chou . 	labels: No way , mom . I don't like piano . 
text: OK . But you have to promise me that you will study hard in your English class . 	labels: All right , all right . I understand . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ? 	labels: Frans Smith ? I think you may have the wrong number . 
text: Is this Taiwan 8234342 2 , DS engineering ? 	labels: It is . But there is no Frans Smith here . Do you know which department he works in ? 
text: The accounts department , I think . 	labels: The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now . 	episode_done:True
text:Operator . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . How do I get an outside line , please ? 
text: Just dial 0 , wait for the dial tone , and then dial the phone number you want to call . Or we can place a call for you , if you want . 	labels: No , thanks a lot . I'll try it myself . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear the good news ? 	labels: No , I haven't . 
text: I got a promotion at my job . 	labels: Did you really ? 
text: Seriously , I am so excited . 	labels: Well , congratulations . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: I'm so happy for you . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes . You really deserved this . 
text: You think so ? 	labels: Yes . Good for you . 	episode_done:True
text:i like to run around the bases.	labels:i like to slide into the bases.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , you have been promoted to president of the department . 	labels: All this is thanks to the efforts of my superiors and colleagues . 
text: You are so smart . Your efforts in the success of the plan were outstanding . 	labels: I just did what I should have done . 
text: You ’ Ve got a great personality . 	labels: Thank you for your compliments . I will try even harder to repay the company and your support . 
text: I believe you will . I ’ m very pleased with your work . Your promotion will contribute to the development of the company . 	labels: Thanks for saying so . 	episode_done:True
text:i enjoy rock and r&b.	labels:why is that?	episode_done:True
text:It's awfully quiet around here . 	labels: Yeah . There's nobody in sight . 
text: I have a feeling that we're not supposed to be in here . 	labels: I think you're right . Let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:Okay, fine.I recommend Earth Science 125 with Mr. Anderson.	labels:Thanks for the recommendation!	episode_done:True
text:Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course.First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ? 	labels: Cardiopulmonary resuscitation ! 
text: That ’ s right ! We apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest . 	labels: What does that mean ? 
text: Well , basically if your heart stops pumping blood , or your lungs stop pumping air , then we need to get them going again ! That ’ s when we have to apply this procedure . Let ’ s begin ! I need a volunteer . 	labels: Me ! Me ! 
text: Alright , come here and lay flat on your back . Let ’ s suppose this young woman has stopped breathing . We must lift the person ’ s chin so that we clear a pathway for air to get into the lungs . Then we place our mouth over the other person ’ s mouth and blow air two or three times , like this . 	labels: Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this ! 
text: Madam I ’ m not trying to kiss you ! I am trying to demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of an emergency . 	labels: Well , OK . But no French kissing ! 
text: As I was saying , we blow air through the mouth in this manner . Once this is done , we must try to get the heart going again . To do this , we place our hands over the person ’ s chest , and press down firmly two or three times . 	labels: Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me where the produce is ? 	labels: It's in aisle A . 
text: Do you know what produce is on sale ? 	labels: I don't know . Check the flyer or check with the produce person . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you like the play ? 	labels: Not really . It's a dull one , and the production isn't satisfactory , either . 
text: You're absolutely right . The acting could be better . 	labels: To be fair , though , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , how can I help ? 	labels: Hi there . I'd like to draw some cash from my Fund Account at the Securities Company . Could I check my balance before I withdraw anything ? 
text: Of course . Your balance is 92,320 RIB in your Securities Account . How much would you like to withdraw ? 	labels: I'd like 20,000 RIB , please . If that's possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? 
text: Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? 	labels: I ’ m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? 
text: I ’ m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? 	labels: That ’ s fine . Thanks . 
text: You ’ re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? 	labels: Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . 
text: Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:the sky is gray.	labels:is it raining right now?	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ? 	labels: Sure , here you go . 
text: Thanks . I don't suppose you have some paper , too . 	labels: Of course . There you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Where can I get the information , Kate ? 	labels: Ask John . He is sure to know about it . 
text: Why ? 	labels: He has a finger in the pie . 	episode_done:True
text:but i'm listening to it.	labels:well, listen to it more quietly.	episode_done:True
text:  Honey, close all of the windows and lock the doors.	labels:  What's going on?
text:  Someone escaped from prison.	labels:  Is he dangerous?
text:  The police say he is armed and dangerous.	labels:  I'm scared.	episode_done:True
text:Who's it knocking at the door ? 	labels: I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door ? 	episode_done:True
text:do you have a girlfriend?	labels:no, i don't. do you?	episode_done:True
text:Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the college . 	labels: Don't mention it . 
text: It's my greatest pleasure to have met you.See you around . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , we didn't ask for this room service maybe someone else ask it , I ’ m sure . 	labels: Oh , is it ? Let me check . 
text: Yes , please . 	labels: I'm sorry to say this room charge is yours . 
text: We paid for the room service already in our room . 	labels: Do you have any evidences ? 	episode_done:True
text:Yes ! I finally lost that last five pounds I've been working on forever ! 	labels: How did you finally do it ? 
text: A friend suggested that I stop nibbling between meals . 	labels: Like snacking ? 
text: You know , a little piece of chocolate here , some chips on the side , candy now and then ... 	labels: I get what you mean . 
text: Instead , I sit down and have a good snack like a piece of fruit between meals . 	labels: I'm impressed . Good for you ! 	episode_done:True
text:I booked a double room for tonight . My name is Ruth Joy . 	labels: Just a moment , please , while I check . That's correct.You have a double room on the fifth floor . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know the circulation of this magazine ? 	labels: You mean this month ? 
text: Oh , yes , how's it ? 	labels: Over 2 million . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi!	labels: Have you seen any good movies lately?	episode_done:True
text:i didn't have a tissue.	labels:then wait till you find a tissue.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , do you have any English songs ? 	labels: Yes , we do . They are all in this book . 
text: Great , thanks . 	labels: No problem . Just give us a few minutes more to pull them up , though . We don ’ t get that many English singers ! 	episode_done:True
text:We can go to the cinema or say at home watching TV , what's it to be ? 	labels: As far as I'm concerned , staying at home is more comfortable than going to the movies . 	episode_done:True
text:how about you see a movie with me and my friend?	labels:what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?	episode_done:True
text:Good day ! What can we do for you ? 	labels: I'm considering buying a new car , the old one hasn't been running too well recently , and was wondering what kind of credit you can offer me . 
text: Buying a new car is a big expense ; we understand that , so we have a variety of loans to suit your needs . 	labels: That's great . I'm looking to borrow quite a large sum , though . 
text: With our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan , the borrower can borrow up to 80 % of the purchase price . 	labels: That's good news . The car I'm interested in is priced at 120,000 RIB , but I think I can get a bit of discount on that . I can afford to put up around 40,000 RIB myself . 
text: That's great . You will need to make an initial down payment of 20 % , and then we can get going with this . 	labels: The funds are all ready to go in my personal account , so let's transfer it . 	episode_done:True
text:congratulations on your promotion.	labels:thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio . May I speak to Mr . Wilson please ? 	labels: Yes , speaking . 
text: Good morning , Mr . Wilson . I ’ m calling to confirm the date of the next interview program . 	labels: Hold on a minute please . I ’ ll have my assistant check that part . 	episode_done:True
text:so how do you plan to become rich?	labels:i will knock on the doors of all the corporations.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening . Welcome to our restaurant . 	labels: Good evening . We want a dinning room with a table for eight . 
text: I'm sorry , sir . The rooms are not available now . But would you like to have your dinner in the dinning hall ? I can find a table by the window for you . 	labels: No , thanks . We have made a reservation before . 
text: Can I have your name , please ? 	labels: My name is James . 
text: I'll ask waitress to show you the way . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you drive me to the bank ? 	labels: Of course , ma'am , Tell me where to go . 
text: Go down this road and then turn left . 	labels: All right.There we go . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . I'd like to buy 2 tickets . 	labels: Have you brought your student card ? 
text: I didn't know you have student tickets so I left them in my bag . 	labels: In that case , you have to buy two full fare tickets . 	episode_done:True
text:i had a busy morning.	labels:what did you do?	episode_done:True
text:I wonder if I could possibly borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow ? I ’ ll take actual care of them . I promise you . 	labels: Well . All right , Mark . Just this once . But you have to pick them up yourself . I ’ m a very busy man . 
text: Oh , that ’ s all right . It ’ s very kind of you . Can I come around now ? 	labels: I ’ d rather you didn ’ t come immediately as I said I ’ m very busy at the moment . Come after lunch , Mark . 	episode_done:True
text: Everything seems to be in order. I'm ready to move into the apartment.	labels: Good, I welcome you to your new home.
text: Is there anything else I should know before I start my move?	labels: Now that you mention it, yes, there is. It's the policy I have on pets.
text: Do you allow any kind of pets?	labels: Only caged pets, I'm sorry to say. I hope this won't be a problem.
text: Actually, I might prove to be problematic because I have a cat.	labels: There lies the problem. I'm sorry, but some of the other tenants have allergies to cats.
text: That's too bad. I don't know what I'm going to do with the kitten.	labels: Perhaps you can give it away. Do you know of anyone who might want a cat?
text: No, not really. What about you? Would you like a cat?	labels: Me? Well, I've never owned a pet before, let alone a cat.
text: Cats make great companions. Please take mine. You would be doing me a huge favor.	labels: Alright, why not? Bring the little fellow next time.	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s “ pi ” ? 	labels: That ’ s the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter , I think . 
text: I see . What is that ratio exactly ? 	labels: It ’ s approximately 3.14 , but the number continues forever . What ’ s the diameter of your circle ? 
text: It ’ s 10 centimeters , so the circumference should be 31.4 centimeters . 	labels: Ok . My next problem is to convert 10000 british pounds into us dollars . What ’ s the exchange rate at the moment ? 
text: According to the newspaper , the exchange rate is 1.85 dollars to the pound . 	labels: That means that 10.000 pounds will buy me 18.500 dollars . 
text: What ’ s the next question . 	labels: Fractions . What ’ s a quarter and an eighth ? That ’ s three-eights . Easy . The next question is “ what are prime numbers ? ” . 
text: I can help you there . Those are numbers that cannot be created by multiplying two whole numbers , apart from the number itself and 1 , together . 	labels: So , 1,2 and 3 are prime numbers , but 4 isn ’ t because 2 * 2 = 4 . 
text: Exactly . Anything else ? 	labels: How many seconds in an hour ? 60 seconds multiplied by 60 minutes equals 3600 seconds altogether . 	episode_done:True
text:Bill , how can you hear so happy today ? 	labels: Aha . I've read of my roommate . I made a move today . 
text: Really ? What was the matter ? 	labels: You knew Brain Locker ? 
text: Brain Locker ? No , I don't think so . What does he look like ? 	labels: Well , he's thin and tall . He has brown hair , a holt nose , green eyes and wearing glasses . 	episode_done:True
text:  Do you ever go home?	labels:  I have so much work to do.
text:  Do you stay late at work every day?	labels:  Yeah, almost every day.
text:  You're becoming a workaholic.	labels:  I know.  My wife is not happy about it.	episode_done:True
text:Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate . 	labels: Now . you can see why it's called the Lantern Festival . 
text: Yes , it deserves its name . 	labels: Did you notice the characters on the lanterns ? 
text: Sure . But you know that I can't read any Chinese characters . What do they say ? 	labels: They are puzzles . It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on the lanterns during the Lantern Festival . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? 	labels: Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . 
text: What seems to be the problem ? 	labels: I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . 
text: Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? 	labels: No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! 
text: You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? 	labels: Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ? 
text: Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons . 	labels: Well , that explains it . I've been using my old PIN number ! Thanks for explaining everything to me . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Clinton , it's nice to see you again . 	labels: Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ? 
text: Very well . How's Mrs . Clinton ? 	labels: Not bad . But she's as busy as before . 	episode_done:True
text:and you get a lot of exercise every day.	labels:that's the truth.	episode_done:True
text:Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ? 	labels: Sure . Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are . 
text: I have to see the dentist . We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o ’ clock . So if there is any phone call , please pick up for me . If there is something urgent , tell them I will be back in two hours . 	labels: No problem . Good luck . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you watch the Premiership last night ? 	labels: Yes , I watched United play Chelsea . What a fierce battle ! allay were engaged in intensive pressing and tackling in midfield . Well , it was not like a normal English League match . 
text: No , it wasn't . Rather , it looked like a Bundesliga match , where physical contact is so frequent . English League teams are apt to pass the midfield quickly with long passes . It seems to me English soccer players are very gentlemanly . As Diego Maradona spoke teasingly , they often knew only chasing hard after the ball , but forgot to steal it . 	labels: Haha . That's probably why slide tackle and fouls are less common , and offsides more frequent in English League matches than those on the Continent . And the ball is often kept flying overhead , drawing beautiful curves in the sky . Such games are quite pleasing to the eye . 
text: Which team do you back then ? 	labels: I'm a firm United supporter . I like their playing style . The Reds always have several excellent wing-backs , Like Riggs , Peckham and Gary Neville . They often make wonderful crosses when they assist in attacking . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook . 	labels: I'm OK . 
text: OK . I want to make an omelet , so actually this is really silly , I've never made one before . How do you make an omelet ? 	labels: OK , Well , I can teach you how I make them , which is the same way my father and grandmother make them , which is a little special . 
text: OK . Yeah ! Yeah ! 	labels: First you take some eggs and crack them in a bowl , and whisk them up , quite , so they're quite high and fluffy , and in a hot pan , and you need a pan that's that's kind of small , that the sides go up at an angle . You put some oil and heat it up , so it's quite hot , and then you take your whipped up eggs , or whisked up eggs , and pour them into the pan , and as it's cooking , if you take a spatula , and push the bottom layer of the egg , to the side , to the sides , and then to the middle , so the uncooked egg gets to the bottom of the pan . 
text: Oh , OK . Wow ! 	labels: OK . And keep doing that until most of the egg is cooked so you should have a nice thick omelet and then flip it over , you'll only have to cook that side lightly . Put your fillings on the top and fold it over and let it sit just long enough to melt the cheese . 
text: Wow . That sounds really good . 	labels: Mm , it is . 
text: Wow . What fillings do you recommend ? 	labels: Um , well , if you want to do a real simple one , you can just use some pre-made salsa and cheese , and that's easy , or you can do something like cut up some ham and cheese , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , anything that you like . If you want to make a spinach omelet then you have to add the cooked spinach to the egg mixture . So it's actually cooked in it . It's inside bacon and sour cream is nice and Jack cheese . 	episode_done:True
text:I am kind of nervous . 	labels: Nervous ? Why ? 
text: I don't know . I never went to a church before . I was not raised as a Christian , so I don't know what to do . 	labels: Don't worry . You don't have to do anything.All you have to do is listen . You will enjoy it . 
text: Maybe . I know I agreed to go with you , but now I don't feel right about it . 	labels: Listen , Ryan.Catholics welcome people who aren't Catholics to visit the church.You don't have to pretend to be Catholic . It's okay if you just come to listen . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes . We are kind and welcoming people.It is not a secret society or something like that . 
text: Alright . But will we sing ? 	labels: Yes , but you don't even have to sing . If you want to sing along , you can . 
text: I don't know the words . 	labels: There is a songbook . All the words are in the songbook.Many people have to read the words . 
text: And will I go up to the front to have the bread and wine ? 	labels: No . That is something only true Catholics do.So if you come to the church as a visitor , you only listen to the service.But you shouldn't go up to the altar for the bread and wine.Only after someone joins the church , then they go up for the Eucharist . 
text: Eu-char-ist ? What is that ? 	labels: That is the special word for the ritual of the bread and wine.The Catholics call it the Eucharist . 
text: It doesn't sound like an English word . 	labels: It's not . It's an ancient Greek word . It means gratitude . 
text: Alright . Well , I feel more comfortable now.Now I understand I am welcome as a visitor . 	labels: Of course you are . I wouldn't ask you otherwise . 	episode_done:True
text:The company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month . Did you put your name in for it ? 	labels: No , I don't really care too much for seminars ... I find them to be either boring ot useless . I mean , how much can you really learn in one afternoon ? 
text: It's not just about the things that you learn , you know ... seminars are a really great opportunity to mingle and network with professionals in our industry from all over the nation . You can learn a few things , but more importantly , you rub shoulders with the business leaders and make contacts that could lead to potential sales or partnerships in the future . The social mixers are always more important than the seminars anyway . 	labels: I'm still not too jazzed about going ... I feel kind of awkward in those cocktail party situations . 
text: Well , what if I told you the seminar is going to be held in Hawaii ? Does that perk your interest ? 	labels: Now you're talking . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, and it takes about five minutes each time.	labels:i'll try.	episode_done:True
text:Where did you work in the past ? 	labels: For the past 5 years , I have been in an Ericsson ( China ) Communication Co , Ltd . 
text: What's your title in the company ? 	labels: My title was Project Manager . There were almost 100 people under my supervision . 	episode_done:True
text:Why did she do that ? 	labels: I have no idea . It was completely out of the blue . 	episode_done:True
text:most of them are already broadcasting in digital.	labels:the digital signal is very clear.	episode_done:True
text:What kind of promotional events are scheduled for the new product line ? 	labels: Marketing has us set up with product launches in five major cities , as well as some sponsoring events throughout the year . All together , there will be 15 events . 
text: What kind of sponsoring are we talking about ? I don't know how effective sponsorship really is ... 	labels: It's not what you're thinking . These events will give us a wider exposure than most . Take the tri-city marathon for starters . This is a highly publicized event . The television exposure alone will nearly double our customer awareness . 
text: Other than the marathon , what else is on the list ? 	labels: We've got a spot in Olympic Stadium sponsoring one of a team's equipment , then a rally for cancer research , and a connection to the inner-city education program . 
text: Sports , medicine , education ... seems kind of random , don't you think ? 	labels: It might seem that way , but this events were all carefully chosen based on marketing research . These are the events that our customers and potential customers care about . 	episode_done:True
text:Mark , you've been coming home late these days . What are you busy doing ? 	labels: Nothing important . I've been working overtime lately . 
text: How many hours do you work each day now ? 	labels: 12 hours , including 5 hours overtime . 
text: That's tough indeed ! Do you think your health can afford ? 	labels: I don't care . I need money . 
text: Surely you'll be paid extra for overtime , but do you think it's really worth ? 	labels: Yes , I think so . When I work overtime I'm paid time and a half . 
text: Oh , yes . Money comes faster in that way than otherwise . 	labels: But jobs with a lot of overtime are quite limited . Employers usually don't like to pay for overtime if they can manage . 	episode_done:True
text:What prompted you to apply to this company ? 	labels: It owns 10 factories and offers stocks to the public . 
text: Why do I have to hire you ? 	labels: I have a proven track record in resolving problems , multitasking , and dealing with customers , as you can sec in my resume . I think it is enough . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you think what I did to Elvin was out of line ? 	labels: You could have tried to explain to him about the new programmers . 
text: Elvin doesn't want any programming help . He wants all the glory for himself . 	labels: You might be right . He does think pretty highly of himself . 
text: Did you hear the names he was calling me ? 	labels: I heard . But did you have to tear out his nose ring ? 	episode_done:True
text:Shit , so crowded ! 	labels: The radio said it's OK on this road . 
text: Things change every minute . 	labels: We have too many cars ! 	episode_done:True
text:What's this , I wonder ? 	labels: I'm not sure.Let me have a look ... It could be a coffee grinder . 
text: A coffee grinder ? 	labels: Yes , it must be used for grinding coffee beans . 	episode_done:True
text:i think i might've bumped into her before.	labels:are you telling me that you've seen her before?	episode_done:True
text:that's unbelievable. can he still breathe?	labels:he can, but the people around him can't.	episode_done:True
text:Do you offer a course in business management ? 	labels: Yes , we do . 
text: How many nights a week is it ? 	labels: It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday . 
text: And how long does the course last ? 	labels: It lasts for 9 months . 
text: When does it start ? 	labels: The next beginning class starts on October 25th . 
text: What time is the class ? 	labels: From 7 to 9 o'clock . 
text: How much does it cost ? 	labels: It costs 125 dollars a month . 
text: Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course . 	labels: Thank you , please fill out this form for us . 
text: Do you want me to fill it out now ? 	labels: Yes , please . We need a record of you education and your work experiences . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , welcome aboard . 	labels: Good morning . Can I use my cellular phone during this time ? 
text: Yes , you can use your cell phone during the boarding process until the aircraft door is closed . 	labels: Thank you . What should I do if I want to phone my family during the flight ? 
text: The aircraft is equipped with onboard phones . They do not interfere with the communication and navigation of the aircraft . 	labels: So I can use the onboard phone during the flight ? 	episode_done:True
text:I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again . 	labels: Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier . 
text: You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag . 	labels: I'm sure of what I'm doing . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! Can I help you ? 	labels: Today is my wife's birthday , so I want to buy a bouquet for her . 
text: What kind of flowers do you want ? 	labels: I have no idea . 
text: How about rose ? It's the most suitable one for lovers . 	labels: But rose is too common . 
text: Well , what about violet ? It means the eternal beauty . 	labels: It looks good . Pack me a bouquet of violet , please . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work . 	labels: That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable . 
text: I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance . 	labels: All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't dare ask Jane for a date . 	labels: You've got no guts ! 	episode_done:True
text:Emergency road service . May I help you ? 	labels: I have a flat tyre . 
text: All right . What's your membership card , please ? 	labels: 489 3362 1978 . 
text: And your name ? 	labels: Eve . 
text: What's the expiration date on your card ? 	labels: It's July 16,2009 . 
text: Where is your car now ? 	labels: It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . 
text: And which direction were you going ? 	labels: I was going west . 
text: What is the make and model of your car ? 	labels: BMW 530 . 
text: What color is it ? 	labels: It's red . 
text: What's your licence plate number ? 	labels: SAY 201 . 	episode_done:True
text:Can we sit on the grass , darling ? 	labels: No , you can't , darling . The grass is wet . 
text: Look , darling ! I can see a bench near that tree . 	labels: No , you can't . The bench is wet , too . 
text: It's not raining , darling . The bench isn't wet . 	labels: Can't you see a notice on the bench ? 
text: Yes , I can . 	labels: What does the notice say ? 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , you're so lucky that you've come at the right time-the 2005 International Tourism Festival is around the corner . 	labels: We've heard about that festival before . It would be quite helpful if you could give us some highlights of the festival . 
text: My pleasure . Well , the festival is going to start on the third Saturday of October , and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month . 	labels: What do you think we can see during the festival ? 
text: I don't know what to suggest . There're so many attractions , and they all sound interesting . One exciting program might be the Ten Thousand People Cycling round the Town . You can choose from the five routes that lead to different destinations . 	labels: I'd like to take the one that goes to the Wild Animal Park . 
text: Then you can take Route No . 5 . Next I would suggest the International Dragon Boat Race where you can watch Lion Dance , Dragon Boat racing , and many other water shows . 	labels: Wow , must be interesting to watch dragon boats compete a-gainst one another on the city river . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you thought of moving at all , Sarah ? 	labels: We ’ Ve thought about it , but my husband and I can ’ t afford it right now . The only thing we could afford would be living in the slums , which is something I don ’ t want to do . 
text: Buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses . 	labels: Like what ? 
text: Well , sometimes the city auctions offer houses to the community . You ’ d have to make a quick decision about the offer in a day , but you would definitely save money doing it that way . 	labels: That ’ s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before ? 
text: Sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ’ re pretty satisfied with it . 	labels: Is the house pretty run-down . 
text: Not at all . The woman , who owned it , took good care of it . But when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her . 	labels: Was it a very old house ? 
text: It was about 75 years old . There were a few repairs that needed doing , but it didn ’ t take a lot of money or time . 	labels: Is it in a good location ? 	episode_done:True
text:that's just the altitude change, i think.	labels:whatever it is, it hurts.	episode_done:True
text:You know what , last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor . 	labels: Oh , how dreadful ! I ’ m ever so sorry . 
text: Luckily that was nothing serious . 	labels: Thank God ! 	episode_done:True
text:How about your grades of study ? 	labels: I had been doing quite well . In all subjects , I got excellent scores . 
text: Well . In that case , you must have got good records in English , too . 	labels: Yes , I was the top student among my classmates . 
text: How about your oral English ? 	labels: Quite well . I took the National English Speaking Contest in CCTV 2008 and I got first place . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Bourbon , please . 
text: How would you like your Bourbon , straight or on the rock ? 	labels: With iced water , please . 
text: Here you are , sir . Bourbon with iced water . 	labels: Thank you . Now how much do I owe you ? 
text: The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10 % service charge . So the total is 16.5 dollars . 	labels: That is OK . Here is 20 dollars and you can keep the change . 	episode_done:True
text:Julia , what do you think of the network ? 	labels: Network is omnipresent nowadays . It's quite convenient for people . You see , we can download music and information from the Internet ; I can study from it , too . And the most of all , we can compose , send , and receive e-mails . 
text: Yeah , you are right . Internet makes our lives easier . But it's a two-blade sword . 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: I mean Internet brings benefit a lot , but also some disadvantages . For example , many youngsters are addicted to the games and they neglect their study ; or some bad guys steal people's money online , etc . 	labels: I agree . But I think although it has some negative effects , on the whole Internet does more good to us than harm . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Mr Mayhew . How are you today ? 	labels: I'm just fine , thanks , Jane . I'd like to make a withdrawal from my Current Account , please . 
text: Would you like a balance inquiry first , Mr Mayhew ? 	labels: That might be a good idea , yes . 
text: Your balance is 21,290 RIB . How much would you like to take out today ? 	labels: I think 2,000 RIB will suffice , thanks . 
text: Actually , I have a suggestion for you . We've started a new service called Entrusting Deposit Combination - Have you heard about this ? 	labels: No , I don't think I have . But I would like to hear the full details , if you think it'll be beneficial to me . 	episode_done:True
text:me, too. school was fun.	labels:and it was only 12 years.	episode_done:True
text:no, but my feet don't hurt anymore.	labels:then they're worth every penny.	episode_done:True
text:but the tv ads say that our taxes will not increase.	labels:do you believe the tv ads?	episode_done:True
text:Sir , I want to ask for a leave for five days . Here is the request form . 	labels: Let me see your form . You mentioned that you want five days to go back home for New Year , right ? 
text: Yes , I need to go home to have a family reunion . 	labels: Do you still remember we already have a New Year celebration on January 1st ? 
text: Yes , sir . I remember it . But our Chinese usually celebrate the New Year on lunar calendar . 	labels: Well , I understand that . Your request is approved . Remember to give my best regards to your parents . 	episode_done:True
text:Where are you from , Laura ? 	labels: Well , my whole family is in the United States now , but we're from Costa Rica originally . 
text: Oh , so you're from South America . 	labels: Actually , Costa Rica isn't in South America . It's in Central America . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, they are.	labels:there's a real nice park nearby.	episode_done:True
text:What a terrible house ! 	labels: I'm sick of it , too . 
text: The door bell doesn't work , the sink is leaking , there's no hot water , and the building is falling apart ! 	labels: It's no use complaining.If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it ! 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to come to our factory for a visit ? 	labels: Oh , yes.Thank you . I'd be glad to . 
text: You can look around our new workshops and the automatic machines . 	labels: I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product ? 	labels: OK . The X2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time . It will reduce your work load at the office . 
text: Could you tell me more about it ? 	labels: Of course . One of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality , and of compact size . No one can match us so far as quality is concerned . 
text: Can you introduce its price level to me ? 	labels: We have this item in three price level . 
text: We need the best possible quality . 	labels: That means this one . 	episode_done:True
text:Whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? Watch out ! 	labels: Hey , watch where you ’ re going ! 
text: Oh , no ! I ’ m so sorry ! Are you all right ? 	labels: Oh ... I don ’ t know . 
text: I feel terrible , I really didn ’ t mean to knock you over . My tire , just exploded , and I lost control of my bike . Really , it was an accident . Please accept my apologies . 	labels: Oh , wait a second , you seem really familiar , I think I know you from somewhere . 
text: Yeah , I think we have met somewhere before . That ’ s right ! We met at Aaron ’ s place last weekend ! What a coincidence ! But anyway , I ’ m glad to see that you ’ re not too badly hurt , and I should probably get going . I have a nine o ’ clock meeting . 	labels: Ouch ! My ankle ! I think it ’ s broken ! You can ’ t just leave me like this ! Are you calling an ambulance ? 	episode_done:True
text: I love to watch Judge Judy.	labels: Is that a TV show?
text: Yes. It's on every afternoon.	labels: What's so good about it?
text: They have interesting lawsuits.	labels: Such as?
text: Yesterday, a woman complained about a cell phone she bought on eBay.	labels: Was something wrong with the phone?
text: It works only in Canada.	labels: Did the seller know that?
text: Yes, and he didn't tell the buyer.	labels: I hope Judge Judy made the seller take the phone back.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah , I ’ Ve just moved here , and I ’ d like to activate my cell phone , and I ’ m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan . 	labels: I see . Well , can I have a look at your phone ? Unfortunately , this phone can ’ t be used in the US . it ’ s not compatible with our 3G network . 
text: What ? Really ? I don ’ t really want to have to buy a new phone . 	labels: Well , you ’ re in luck ! You see , if you sign up for our three-year plan , we ’ ll throw in a handset for free . 
text: Really ? What ’ s the catch ? 	labels: There ’ s no catch ! You just choose a plan , sign a three-year contract and , that ’ s it ! Actually , we ’ re running a special promotion right now , and we ’ regiving away a Blackberry Curve with our special Mega Value forty dollar plan . 
text: So what does this plan include ? 	labels: Well , you get nine hundred anytime minutes , and you can also enjoy free mobile to mobile calling to other Tel-Mobile clients , one thousand text messages per month , and unlimited evening and weekend minutes . Oh , and we also offer a rollover option . 
text: Wow , all this for forty dollars per month ? 	labels: That ’ s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ... 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ? 	labels: We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River . 
text: How hard is the climb ? 	labels: It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet . 
text: What did you do last week ? 	labels: We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting . 
text: Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it . 	labels: Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb . 
text: Yeah , I will . See you then ! 	labels: O . K . See you . 	episode_done:True
text:pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue ? 	labels: sure , here you are . 
text: thanks , I didn't expect the dish to be so spicy . Are you ok ? 	labels: yeah , I think the food is alright , it's not too spicy though it's a little salty for me . But you are Chinese , you should have known better . 
text: well , not every Chinese can handle spicy food in the way people from Sichuan and Cuizhou provinces can . Back where I come from , people don't eat a lot of papers and chilies . 	labels: Oh , I see how this food can be really hard for you . I can sympathize with that . I stayed in Sichuan for a year . The food was difficult at the beginning . Every dish was so spicy . After a while , I got u 
text: yeah , you can increase you tolerance for spicy food , but so far , I haven't had the need or the opportunity . Every time I try spicy food , it is a total disaster for my nose and eyes . 	labels: I completely understand . I didn't intend on liking spicy food at first either , but when you have no other choicest , you've got to adapt . 
text: yeah , I guess that's a typical example of when in Rome , do as the Romans do . 	labels: exactly . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry , Sam . I don't want to go to the folk concert . 	labels: How about going to the theatre ? 
text: I don't like going to the theatre . 	labels: Well , what do you like doing ? 
text: Travelling , swimming , going to the cinema . And you ? 	labels: I like painting , sailing , watching football and talking to you . 
text: I like talking to you , too . 	labels: Do you want to go to an exhibition ? There is one at the Xinghai Exhibition Hall tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:well, you can't blame a man for asking.	labels:he should act his age.	episode_done:True
text:really? why is it?	labels:because you can see the stars perfectly.	episode_done:True
text:Could you arrange an appointment with Mr . Smith ? 	labels: Sorry , Mr . Smith agenda is full today . 
text: How about tomorrow afternoon ? 	labels: I ’ m not sure , but I will arrange for you and inform you as well . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . would you lend me some wreckers 	labels: Until when ? 
text: Until Monday or Tuesday next week . 	labels: No problem . 	episode_done:True
text: Hello?	labels: Hi Kate. This is Anne. Have you completed the class project?
text: Yeah. I finished it last night. How about you?	labels: No, not yet. I'm having a hard time with the conclusion of my report.
text: Do you need any help?	labels: Maybe just a little. Do you have time tonight?
text: No. I'm sorry. It's my aunt and uncle's anniversary and I promised to babysit my niece.	labels: Oh. I understand.
text: I'm free tomorrow night.	labels: Tomorrow is good for me too. Can I come over or would you like to come here.
text: It might be quieter at your house. My brother is going to have a friend over and they can be very noisy.	labels: Ok. Then let's meet at my house.
text: Sounds good. What time should I come over?	labels: How about 5 pm? I can make you dinner.
text: Really? I'd love to come for dinner.	labels: What's your favorite dish?
text: Spaghetti and meatballs. But please make anything you like.	labels: Spaghetti and meatballs are my specialty. I'll make that.
text: Sounds great! I will be there tomorrow at 5 pm.	labels: See you tomorrow night.	episode_done:True
text:Did you do the laundry?	labels:Yes, I did.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Mrs.Smith . 	labels: Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother . 
text: Well , what kind of books does she like ? 	labels: She's very fond of detective stories ? 
text: I see . Has she read any detective stories ? 	labels: Oh , yes ! 
text: Do you know if she's read this one ? 	labels: I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful ! 
text: Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she ? 	labels: She's eighty-seven . 
text: I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting . 	labels: Thank you . That's a good idea . she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ? 	episode_done:True
text:Kathy ! How are you ? It's been ages ! What are you doing these days ? 	labels: I just opened my own restaurant . I'm also head chef . 
text: You're kidding ! You've always hated cooking ! 	labels: Well , I used to hate cooking , but now I love it . 
text: When did you change your mind ? 	labels: After I tried French food . Before that , I used to cook really boring things for my family . 
text: I still can't believe it ! So , did you go to cooking school or something ? 	labels: Yeah . I went to California to study . 
text: Really ? How long did you stay there ? 	labels: I was there between 88 and 90 . 
text: And what did you do after that ? 	labels: Then I came back here . I worked for about three years to get some experience . 	episode_done:True
text:My wife and I didn't used to spend this much money . 	labels: What's changed ? 
text: My wife has been pregnant for 7 months . 	labels: I see . I guess diapers and baby food are expensive.Bringing up children is not easy . 
text: My wife will be going back to work soon . 	labels: You should have more money then . 	episode_done:True
text:So Kevin , what is your type ? 	labels: I like girls who like to have fun , and aren't too serious . 
text: I agree . I like guys that can make me laugh . 	labels: That's true . Having a very serious boyfriend or girlfriend can be boring . 	episode_done:True
text:George , is your chicken OK ? 	labels: It tastes great , but it is really dry . Is your fish all right ? 
text: My fish is very dry . 	labels: I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it . 
text: That's exactly what I was thinking had happened . 	labels: Are your vegetables OK ? 
text: The vegetables are kind of mushy . 	labels: So are mine . I think they left them cooking too long . 
text: The food here is usually good , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem . 	labels: I think that you are right . Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something . 	episode_done:True
text:I see by your resume that you have just graduated from college . I assume you haven't had any working experience . Is that right ? 	labels: That's right . I've only had some part-time jobs working in department stores . 
text: Well , experience is not important in this job . We are looking for a man we can train to be a teller . By the way , do you like to work with figures ? 	labels: Yes , I liked math in school . 
text: We are more interested in finding someone who is alert and quick at figures . Do you like meeting the public ? 	labels: Yes , I enjoy working with people . 
text: We have very pleasant working conditions and I think we have a fine staff to work with . You would be assigned an experienced employee to help you . He would be responsible for training you . Have you studied English conversation ? 	labels: Yes , I had an American tutor for two years . I had two lessons under her every week . Would I be using English every day is this job ? 
text: Yes , many of our customers are Americans , so you would be speaking English with most of them . Do you know anything about various kinds of savings and checking accounts ? 	labels: No , I'm afraid I don't . I'd be glad to learn . 	episode_done:True
text:What's next?	labels:Enter your PIN.	episode_done:True
text:he's never going to make everyone happy.	labels:can you imagine being president?	episode_done:True
text:You have to study the traffic rules too	labels:Yes, there is a lot of new things I must learn.	episode_done:True
text:Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ? 	labels: It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume . 
text: I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that . 	labels: That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't believe anything i don't see with my own eyes.	labels:you can't believe what you hear on tv or radio.	episode_done:True
text:and lots of books.	labels:and lots of thieves.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , is there any room available ? I want a single one . 	labels: Yes . When do you want it ? 
text: Next Today . By the way , is there a closed circuit TV ? 	labels: Yes , sir . 
text: What about laundry ? 	labels: Sorry , sir . You have to pay by yourself . 	episode_done:True
text:Please take a seat . 	labels: Thanks . 
text: Now what can I do for you ? 	labels: Well , I'm looking for a job . 
text: Fine , but first I need some information about you . 	labels: What kind of information do you want ? 
text: Well , first of all , your name . What's your surname ? 	labels: Wilson . 
text: And your other names ? 	labels: Steven Michael . 
text: Have you got your e-mail address ? 	labels: Yes , It's Henrylee@yahoo.com . 
text: How old are you ? 	labels: Twenty-one . 
text: Where were you Bron ? 	labels: In California . 
text: Are you married or single ? 	labels: I'm single . 
text: And what was your last job ? 	labels: I was an office boy . 	episode_done:True
text:Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . 	labels: Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . 
text: Right . And China is the homeland of tea . 	labels: Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . 
text: Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? 	labels: Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? 
text: Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? 	labels: Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? 
text: You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . 	labels: Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . 
text: Oh , so do I . 	labels: Why don't we go for one now ? 
text: Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there . 	labels: Let's go ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , charlie , are you busy this evening ? 	labels: Sorry , I'm afraid that I've got plans tonight . 
text: What are you doing ? 	labels: I'm going to my parents ' house for my father's birthday . 
text: How old is he today ? 	labels: It's his 50th birthday . 
text: Well , wish him a happy birthday for me . 	labels: Sure thing . What are your plans for the evening ? 
text: I was just thinking of going to a movie tonight . 	labels: Well , if you can wait until tomorrow night , I'll go with you then . 
text: Sorry , I've got people coming over tomorrow night . 	labels: Sounds like this weekend just isn't going to work out for us . 
text: Sounds that way . Maybe some other time then ? 	labels: Sure.Hey , I'm sorry , but I've got to get going . 
text: Yeah , me , too . It's about time I made a move . 	labels: Say hello to your friends for me . 
text: Likewise . See you later . 	labels: Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:he thinks i have too much stress.	labels:stress causes your stomachaches?	episode_done:True
text:Happy anniversary , sweetheart ! 	labels: Yes . to our first anniversary and many more to come . Cheers ! 
text: I'll drink to that . Thanks for making this a night worth remembering . 	labels: Well , it's a special day . They say if you survive the first year , the rest is smooth sailing . 
text: That's good to know . Oh , listen ! The band's playing our song . 	labels: I requested it . What do you say ? Do you have your dancing shoes on ? 	episode_done:True
text:i like to run around the bases.	labels:i like to slide into the bases.	episode_done:True
text:Shall we discuss the packing ? You know , a well-designed package helps sell the goods , so the products must not only be superior in quality , but also attractive in appearance . I'd like to see the sample of packing . 	labels: We have made a lot of improvement in packing . You are welcome to see the sample in the showroom . I think you will find the new packing beautiful and quite well-done . 
text: Quite good . The beautiful design and bright color are just the European taste . How are you gonna pack these blouses ? 	labels: We are going to pack them in boxes with a colored picture of the blouse on it . Inside we ’ ll use a transparent poly bag for the blouse ready for the window show . You'll see that the blouses will appeal to the eye as well as to the purse . 	episode_done:True
text:May I have an appointment with you tonight ? 	labels: Very sorry , I am occupied tonight . What about tomorrow night ? 
text: OK . where and when ? 	labels: 7:00 in my staying hotel . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: Would you recommend some materials on the World War Two ? 
text: Have you found a particular item from the card catalogue ? 	labels: Yes , but I don't think they are enough for me . 
text: Oh , maybe you can find something from the New York Times , or the Washington Post during that period . 	labels: That's a good idea . Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Michael . Where are you going ? 	labels: No where special . I was just taking a walk . 
text: What for ? 	labels: To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape . 
text: Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us ? 	labels: That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play . 	episode_done:True
text:Who will meet you at the airport ? 	labels: No one . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! So many students crowded in . More than I excepted , we are lucky to arrive in hour earlier . Or else we definedly have problems to getting good seats . 	labels: I learned my lesson from the last experience . I didn't arrive early enough . So I ended up with a terrible seat , All the way up in the front row . It was one of my worst movie experiences ever . 
text: Yeah , I hate sitting in the front row . 	labels: By the way , it was really thoughtful if you to get me the ticket . I really appreciate it , I'll buy some popcorn , and drinks for us . 
text: That would be great . 	labels: I'll be back as soon as possible . Oh , I almost forgot I'd better hold on to my ticket stop in case of they let me in . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have cheongsams ? 	labels: Yes.We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors.What do you think of this one ? 
text: The styte is OK . Which country is this made in ? 	labels: It's made in China . The quality is excellent . 	episode_done:True
text:That girl looks very attractive , doesn ’ t she ? 	labels: Do you think so ? I don ’ t like girls who look like that . I like girls who aren ’ t too slim . If you like her , go and talk to her . 
text: I ’ d like to , but there ’ s her boyfriend . He ’ s very broad-shouldered . 	labels: He ’ s huge ! He must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that . 
text: Do you prefer tall girls or short ones ? 	labels: I don ’ t mind , but I like girls with long hair . 
text: We have different tastes . I like girls with short hair . I like tall girls - probably because I ’ m so tall myself . 	labels: Have you ever dated a girl taller than you ? 
text: No , never . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever met a girl taller than me ! Have you gained weight recently ? 	labels: Yes , I have . Perhaps I should go to the gym , like that girl ’ s boyfriend . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening Ms . Jackson . Fancy meeting ’ you here . 	labels: Hi , Clyde . This is my friend , Wen . She's visiting from UCLA . 
text: Clyde Smith . Pleasure to meet you . May I treat you ladies to dinner ? 	labels: OK ! I was just tellin ’ Wen about African-American food . 
text: You weren't going to tell her about chitterlings and hog maws , were you ? Well , my Creole ancestors never ate that stuff . We have refined French tastes . 	labels: Hey ! That “ stuff ” is my grandma's cooking , and it's good ! 	episode_done:True
text:i will knock on the doors of all the corporations.	labels:that won't make you rich. nobody will talk to you.	episode_done:True
text:Bonjour ! 	labels: What ? 
text: I said , Bonjour ! 	labels: What ’ s wrong with you , Ted ? 
text: I ’ m speaking French . Don ’ t you know anything ? 	labels: What ’ s wrong with speaking English ? 
text: Well , I just got back from my language school . We have to speak French all day there . No English allowed ! 	labels: What are you doing that for ? 
text: I ’ m trying to learn new skills . It makes me more qualified for a good job . 	labels: Good for you . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to rent a car for several days . 	labels: What kind of car do you want ? 
text: Well , what kinds do you have ? 	labels: Mazda . Honda and Nissan . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I'm looking for an old music box . 	labels: Any particular decade ? 
text: Something made in the ' 20s would be nice . 	labels: We had seven , but we sold one this morning . 
text: Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes ? 	labels: You're in luck . Two of them have dancing figures . 
text: Oh , these are great . I think I'll take this one . 	labels: Yes , that one is very nice . 
text: Now , does this come with a warranty ? 	labels: I'm sorry , but you just have to take your chances . 
text: That doesn't surprise me . 	labels: Even if it doesn't work , it's a beautiful collectible . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope we'll catch a foul ball.	labels:bring a jacket.	episode_done:True
text:This one is too small . Please bring me a bigger one . 	labels: OK . 
text: What's the brand ? 	labels: Leopard . It's famous brand of good quality . 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , would you come and help me ? 	labels: Of course . What do you want me to do , Mom ? 
text: Could you hold these packages while I look for the key ? 	labels: Alright , what's in them ? They are so heavy ! 
text: Just things we need for the picnic tomorrow . 	labels: Well , hurry up and open the door please . I told you these things are heavy . 
text: I'm sorry , but I just can't find the key . You must have it . 	labels: Oh , yes , it's in my pocket . But how can I get the key while I'm holding all these bags ? 	episode_done:True
text: I can't spend anymore money after I buy my English textbook.	labels: How much is your English textbook?
text: It's $198. I'm not kidding.	labels: That's ridiculously expensive! What's the title of the textbook?
text: It's called How to Write Well.	labels: Dude, someone is selling that book for $30.
text: No way. What edition is it?	labels: I think it was the 10th edition.
text: Oh, no wonder he or she is selling it for only $30.	labels: What edition do you need?
text: I need the 21st edition.	labels: The publisher seems to be really making money, considering the number of editions.	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel about this restaurant ? 	labels: I really liked it ! 
text: I really enjoyed the food . 	labels: What did you enjoy the most ? 
text: I enjoyed the fish the most . 	labels: The fish was pretty special , but I loved the dessert . 
text: The macadamia cake was out-of-this-world ! 	labels: I really felt that the service was exceptionally good . 
text: Yes , the service really added to the experience . 	labels: I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: May I have a look at that china tea set ? It is extremely beautiful . 
text: You've made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual . It was made in Jingdezhen . 	labels: Jingdezhen ? Oh , I know it . Isn't it called the capital of porcelain ? 
text: Yes , sir . 	labels: Oh , it must be very precious . Is it breakable ? 
text: No , if you take some care when you use them . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: Two thousand . 	labels: Oh , it is beyond my purse . 	episode_done:True
text:I had a great time on the last date . 	labels: Me , too . 
text: What will you up to this weekend ? 	labels: Nothing . 
text: would you like to go to skating ? I was thinking of going out to the - - Saturday . It's great up there . Would you like to go with me ? 	labels: I'd love to , but I don't care for skating very much . 
text: Ok , there is a bunch of going bowling on Sunday . Would you like to go ? 	labels: I like bowling , but I prefer to be along with you . 
text: Would you like to dancing tonight ? 	labels: I don't feel like going out tonight , I am way too tired . I miss you , sweetheart . 
text: I miss you too . Tell me where you like to do the next day . 	labels: How about the seaside ? 
text: Anything you say , honey . 	labels: Are you busy on the 24th ? 
text: 24th ? I have time . But I can't wait that long , I'm dying to see you . Let's make another time . 	labels: Ok . 	episode_done:True
text:Why not?I'm an A+ student.	labels:How do I know if you even did the homework?	episode_done:True
text:I just meant that she's got different taste . 	labels: What kind of girl is she ? 
text: She's pretty conservative . 	labels: Is her fiance Taiwanese ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: How old is he ? 	episode_done:True
text:can we afford it?	labels:they want 20 percent down.	episode_done:True
text:Jack , I don't know how to write my resume . Could you tell me about that ? 	labels: You should first write your name and contact information . 
text: What does the contact information include ? 	labels: Such as your land line phone number , mobile phone number and e-mail box . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: Then you should write your objectives , such as seeking a position in foreign trade . 
text: I see . It is the position desired 	labels: Yes . After that you should emphasize your skills , educational background and related experience . 
text: I see . Skills are about specialty , and educational background is easy as well . But what about related experience ? I have little work experience . 	labels: Don't worry . It will take time to accumulate experience . You need to be confident for yourself . 
text: I see . By the way , should I write the educational background starting from elementary school ? 	labels: Generally from the college 	episode_done:True
text:i'm taking a math course in school.	labels:well, you should ask your teacher or your classmates for help.	episode_done:True
text:What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ? 	labels: I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford . 
text: Oh , in what way ? 	labels: No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well . 
text: Did you lose any weight ? 	labels: Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month . 
text: When was the last time you had a check-up ? 	labels: About two month ago . 
text: Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic . 	labels: Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious . 
text: You're just a little run-down from overwork . 	labels: What am I supposed to do ? 
text: I think all you need is just a vacation . 	labels: Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest . 	episode_done:True
text:Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? 	labels: You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness . 
text: What do you mean ? It will help us to relax . 	labels: Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ? 
text: I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home . 	labels: I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends . 
text: That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them . 	labels: Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too . 
text: Good . Let's go now . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything likethat ? 	labels: Well , there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section . Some are written for young children , others for teens . Maybe some of them will suit your needs . 
text: I'll go take a look . Thanks for your help . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text: I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.	labels: thanks!	episode_done:True
text:those are great. how much were they?	labels:i got them for forty.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , you said that you might need some help with preparing dinner.What would you like me to do ? 	labels: Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it.First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ’ Ve put them all in the sink and there is a peeler . 
text: Ok , I ’ ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ’ m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small.Wow , you can chop vegetables really quickly 	labels: After you ’ Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil.Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we will add some spices to flavor it . 
text: Which spices are you going to add to the meat ? 	labels: These ones here.The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add . 
text: Yes , we don ’ t want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons.of water.Ok , I ’ m really to do the meat.Should I cook it over a low flame ? 	labels: Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly.Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan.Don ’ t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan . 
text: Right.What are you doing over there ? 	labels: I ’ m mixing the sauce.It ’ s my speciality . I make it according to my own secret recipe . 	episode_done:True
text:that sounds good.	labels:all right, so i'll see you then.	episode_done:True
text: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	labels: No, what is it about?	episode_done:True
text:Could you pass me the jacket with wide lapels ? 	labels: Certainly.here you are . 
text: What do you think of it ? 	labels: Very smart ! 	episode_done:True
text:i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.	labels:i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.	episode_done:True
text:What are your hobbies ? 	labels: Sports . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Basketball and swimming . 	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: We are thinking of a two days ' tour to Vienna . 
text: That's a good place to go at this time . How about this route ? 	labels: It looks fine . Is this an inclusive tour ? 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , my god ! 	labels: What ! 
text: That's the cutest little doll I've ever seen in my life ! 	labels: Chill out . It's just Kenny from South Park . 
text: What park ? You found a doll in a park ? Gross ! 	labels: South Park is a popular cartoon . You're so out of it , Jen 	episode_done:True
text:Who will meet you at the airport ? 	labels: No one . 	episode_done:True
text: Why are you eating another apple?	labels: You know what they say about apples!
text: No, I'm afraid I don't know.	labels: An apple a day keeps the doctor away!
text: Especially if you throw it at him.	labels: You should eat fruit; it's good for you.
text: I do eat fruit	labels: Eating healthy is wonderful!
text: I don't doubt it, but I still want pizza for lunch.	labels: Only if you eat an apple, too.
text: Alright, I'll also eat an apple.	labels: That's the spirit! You're healthier already.	episode_done:True
text:Please excuse me , but I really have to be going . 	labels: Yes , of course.It was nice to see you . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to know about benefits and so forth ? 	labels: Please . Everyone enjoys hearing the benefits of something ! 
text: With this agreement we can bring over you many benefits . For example , head offices of your group companies can get really prompt integrated fund transfers and centralised allocations . This helps internal supervision and admin run smoothly . 	labels: That is wonderful . We've been having serious problems in that area . Our internal accounts seem so messy at the moment , nothing is running smoothly and it's costing us time and money . 	episode_done:True
text: Okay, I talked to my boss. Here's his phone number.	labels: Thanks a lot, bud. Did he say he has an open position?
text: No, but he said he would talk to you.	labels: That's great! Hey, thanks again.
text: You know, you should also go online to look for work	labels: Online? Where?
text: There are many job search websites.	labels: Do you know any by name?
text: Just Google Jobs in L.A. and you'll find some.	labels: Okay, I'll try that when I get home.
text: You can do it on your smartphone, you know.	labels: I know, but I think it's better at home, thanks again.	episode_done:True
text:What sports do you think women excel at most ? 	labels: I think women excel in every sport except the ones that are taboo for us to join in , like football . 
text: I mean which ones are they better at than men ? 	labels: Why do you care ? Women and men are different all around . I don't think they can be compared . 
text: That's a good point . Let me change my question . What sports do women like best ? 	labels: Well , I know some women who love golf and I know others who love contact sports . 
text: Are you saying that women can't be generally categorized ? 	labels: Are you suggesting that anyone can be ? 	episode_done:True
text:We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ? 	labels: It ’ s so cool ! 	episode_done:True
text:Happy birthday ! This is for you , Kate . 	labels: Thanks , Miss . Wang . 
text: You know in China we usually don't open presents until the guests leave . 	labels: Really ? I've already opened it . Great ! And it is exactly after my fancy . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:May I speak to Mr . Baker ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid he's not in . 
text: Will you ask him to call me collect when he ’ s back ? 	labels: Certainly . May I ask who ’ s calling , please ? 	episode_done:True
text: Did you see that car?	labels: Yes, he went through the red light.
text: Can we call the police?	labels: No, the police don't care.
text: Why not?	labels: They have to see it happen.
text: They don't believe us?	labels: No. They can only give a ticket if they see it happen.
text: So, what do we do?	labels: We don't do anything.
text: Maybe we should honk the horn next time.	labels: The driver will just honk back at us.	episode_done:True
text:We can't go that way , the road is blocked for the next few days . 	labels: Oh , that's right . They're filming a movie up there , aren't they ? 
text: Some high speed chase scene , I think . 	labels: I wonder how all the businesses in the area feel about that . 
text: I think that they get a pretty good payoff . 	labels: The movie company has to pay them ? 
text: I don't know about all of that , but think about it , their business gets free publicity ! 	labels: Oh , yeah , they get to be in a movie for the whole world to see ! 	episode_done:True
text: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	labels: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	episode_done:True
text:What is so good about volunteering there?	labels:It is fun,and you feel good about yourself.	episode_done:True
text:Can I still catch T107 for Xiamen ? 	labels: Sorry , sir . The train has already left . 
text: That's too bad . Can I take another train ? 	labels: Yes . Your ticket is valid for three days . 
text: That's great ! I will take the next train . 	labels: You have to have your ticket checked . 
text: Shall I pay extra charge ? 	labels: No extra charge at all . But your berth will be invalid . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you today ? 	labels: Hello . I'm a Financial Manager in a local company and we'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account with you . 
text: I see . That shouldn't be a problem , Sir . Which currency would you require ? 	labels: We have recently started doing a lot of business with British companies , so we'd like to open a GAP account . How should we go about this ? 
text: The first step is to fill in the Account Opening Application and the accompanying Seal Card , stamped with your company's seal . I mean , the business seal and the corporate seal . We also need your Business Licence and the Enterprise Standard Code Certificate . Then we can go on to the next step . 	labels: That's great . Let's begin as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Which do you like better , orange or lemon ? 	labels: I like orange better . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Because orange is much more to my taste . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ? 	labels: It's Beethoven . Do you like it ? 
text: I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ? 	labels: I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax . 
text: What other kind of music do you listen to ? 	labels: Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ? 
text: To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me . 	labels: What kind of music do you prefer then ? 
text: I like pop music . Do you ? 	labels: Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth . 
text: I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much . 	labels: How long have you been in to pop music , then ? 
text: I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ? 	labels: Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all . 
text: So , how did you become interested in it ? 	labels: Well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started . 
text: Do you still play piano ? 	labels: Yes , it's one of my hobbies . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll treat you dinner . 	labels: Don't be silly . Let's go Dutch . 	episode_done:True
text: I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.	labels: I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , who is speaking ? 	labels: Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . 
text: This is her . 	labels: Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . 
text: Really ? What time and where ? 	labels: 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . 
text: Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . 	labels: See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale . 
text: Thank you , see you then . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to buy a tie to match this suit . 
text: We have various colors . How about this one ? 	labels: Well , the color is all right . But it looks outdated.Can you show me that one ? 
text: You have a very good taste . It's our best seller . 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , I'm really upset with you . 	labels: I'm sorry , I didn't mean to forget our wedding anniversary . 
text: You forgot it last year as well . 	labels: I know , I'm sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s cross here . 	labels: You ’ re kidding . We ’ ll never make it across in one piece ! Let ’ s cross at the light . 
text: Now we have to walk all the way down to the end of the street . 	labels: If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don ’ t feel like dodging cars and scooters ! 	episode_done:True
text:Now the coals are just right . I can start grilling . 	labels: Here you go . I made up the burger patties for you . 
text: Thanks . Smell the hickory chips ? They give the meat a nice , smoky flavor . 	labels: I'll take over for a while to give you a break . 
text: Sorry . This is a one-man job . I've got the grill just how I like it , and I've made up my own special sauce . 	labels: Then I'll tell folks the food's ready . Come and get it ! I've always wanted to say that ! 	episode_done:True
text:because you'll have an accident. most accidents are because people are in a hurry.	labels:how do you know that?	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Lily ! You won't believe what happened in class today ! 	labels: What ? 
text: A man sent Miss Smith flowers , and Bryan got kicked out of class ! 	labels: Cool ! I wish I could have been there ! 
text: Me , too . I miss you . Are you any better ? 	labels: Yes . But if I have any more soup , I think I'll die . 	episode_done:True
text:I need a taxi to the airport . 	labels: It is unnecessary . I'll see you off at the airport . 	episode_done:True
text: Can I tell you a secret, Alison?	labels: Sure. What is it, Sean? Is something wrong?
text: I'm afraid to graduate.	labels: Why? That's silly.
text: College was easy for me. Now we have to go out and find a real job.	labels: That's the best part. We are finally adults.
text: Aren't you scared at all?	labels: No. I'm excited to work and plan my future.
text: I feel so immature.	labels: Well, you are acting a little immature. It's time to grow up, Sean.
text: I know. Studying and taking tests were easy. Now we have to work for the rest of our lives.	labels: You sound lazy. You're a really smart guy. You're going to have a great life.
text: Thanks for your encouragement. I feel silly.	labels: You are being silly. If you are so scared of leaving school, why don't you go to graduate school?
text: That's a great idea!	labels: It actually is. You'll get a better job with a graduate degree.	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m looking forward to relaxing this coming weekend . 	labels: I hope that I can finally find free time too . I ’ Ve been so busy at work recently . 
text: How might you spend the weekend . 	labels: I hope to do a little gardening . I find it very relaxing . 
text: I might do that too . I hope the weather is nice . I could go and play some golf . 	labels: I heard that the weather should be good . There ’ s a possibility of a shower , but it ’ s not very likely . 
text: Hopefully , we ’ ll both have relaxing weekends . 	labels: Of course , something could come up and stop that wish coming true . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , BCD Company , can I help you ? 	labels: Hello , may I speak to Mrs Smith ? 
text: This is Mrs Smith , may I have your name ? 	labels: This is Sun , and I interviewed with you yesterday . 
text: Hello , Mr . Sun . 	labels: I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday . 
text: You are welcome , Mr . Sun . 	labels: I really enjoyed meeting with you . 
text: You certainly made a good impression on me , as well . 	labels: I am very interested in this position . 
text: We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible . 	labels: Well , thank you for your time and consideration again . 	episode_done:True
text:we get a free breakfast.	labels:coffee and a roll?	episode_done:True
text:do pimples run in your family?	labels:not that i've noticed.	episode_done:True
text:i apologized to her, but i could tell she was still upset.	labels:maybe you shouldn't eat there again.	episode_done:True
text:I'm taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ? 	labels: But of course ! How much are you thinking of spending on dinner ? 
text: She deserves nothing but the best , of course . 	labels: In that case , I would suggest our own hotel restaurant . The chef , the food , and the service are outstanding . 
text: I promised her I would take her out to a restaurant . Do you have another one in mind ? 	labels: You can always go to Gramercy Tavern . It's quite popular , despite its expensive entrees . 
text: Great food and lots of patrons ? What more could I want ? Please reserve a table for me . 	labels: Yes , sir . You're going to have a great time . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 	labels: Yes , I am . You must be Tom . Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you too . Let me help you with your bags . 	labels: Be careful , Tom . Those are pretty heavy . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ? 	labels: Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad . 
text: It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing . 	labels: Are you Chinese by birth ? 
text: Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations . 	labels: How do you like it ? 
text: I like it so far . But my English still needs work . 	labels: I want to study Mandarin and public relations . 	episode_done:True
text:last night they told us about a cat in a sofa.	labels:yesterday they told us about a dog in a pipe.	episode_done:True
text:Now let's begin the class . Who is on duty today ? 	labels: I am , sir . 
text: Please come to the front to have five minutes ’ free talk in English . Very well ! Whose turn is it to have a free talk ? 	labels: It's me , sir . But I am sorry I have forgotten to prepare for it . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ? 	labels: First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations . 
text: That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff . 	labels: I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of 
text: Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD . 	labels: Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD ? 
text: The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ? 	labels: Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month . 
text: When will the branch office open ? 	labels: Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly . 
text: Has and advertising campaign been prepared ? 	labels: Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines . 	episode_done:True
text:what about that new game show?	labels:which one?	episode_done:True
text:You know that this job requires frequent business travel . Can you accept it ? 	labels: Yes , I can . 
text: Mostly short business trips , but sometimes long ones are also needed . 	labels: Then how about the expenses during the trips ? 
text: The company will pay all the expenses . 	labels: Would you tell me where we often travel ? 
text: Usually Shanghai , Qingdao , Hong Kong and so on . 	labels: It's great ! I like these places . 
text: And you need to go abroad once in a while . Can you ? 	labels: Yes , I can . 
text: After the business trip , you could apply for reimbursement of all the expenses , such as passage money and accommodation charges and so on . 	labels: I see . 
text: You can take a break for one or two weeks after you have a business trip every time , which depends on the circumstances . 	labels: OK . Thank you very much for telling me all these things . 	episode_done:True
text:What did you do today ? 	labels: Played poker with my work friends . 
text: Did you win ? 	labels: Of course . 	episode_done:True
text:so do i, like "she loves you."	labels:"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah!..."	episode_done:True
text:Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ? 	labels: Because Myra was cheating on exams , and she spoke back rudely . 	episode_done:True
text:Did I do well on my driving test ? 	labels: You did a wonderful job . 
text: So , I passed ? 	labels: Yes , you passed . 
text: Did I mess up on anything ? 	labels: You did mess up on something . 
text: What was that ? 	labels: Your parallel parking isn't all that great . 
text: Yeah , that's pretty hard for me . 	labels: You just need a little more practice . 
text: I know , but I still get my license , right ? 	labels: You got it . 	episode_done:True
text:No . 164 in lane 3 achieved 11 ' 16 in the 100 meter dash . Isn't that something ? 	labels: Yeah . He's the most experienced athlete in the field . 
text: He won the first place ! 	labels: Good boy ! 	episode_done:True
text:I like the design of the coat . 	labels: But I like its color . 
text: Anyway , it's my ideal coat . I'll take it . 	labels: I'll take one , too . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Mike . What are you doing tonight ? 	labels: Nothing planned . How about you ? 
text: Work is kicking my ass . I'm so stressed . Let's go grab a drink . 	labels: I'm always up for a drink . To tell you the truth , it's been quite stressful here too . 
text: I say we get drunk tonight . I don't want to think about all this stuff . 	labels: But we have to work tomorrow . 
text: We won't stay out too late . I just need to forget about work . 	labels: I hear ya . Let's do it . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ? 	labels: Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here . 
text: No , sir . The sign says No Turn on Red . 	labels: Oh , I guess I didn't see it . 
text: I am sorry , sir . But may I see your driver's license and insurance policy , PLS ? I have to give you a ticket . 	labels: Here they are . 
text: Sign here , PLS . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Pls drive safely , sir . 	labels: Thank you , Ma ’ am . 	episode_done:True
text:how do you like it?	labels:do you see all this gray hair? it was totally black five years ago.	episode_done:True
text:It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ? 	labels: Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here ! 
text: Dad ! Are you serious ? What ’ s the point of having central heating if we can ’ t use it ! Look , I can see my breath ! 	labels: Put on a sweater ! I ’ m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ’ s a bit chilly . 
text: Dad ! I ’ m gonna catch a cold ! 	labels: When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful ! 	episode_done:True
text: At Home :)	labels: Who created You?	episode_done:True
text:How do you think about our boss ? 	labels: He's the nicest boss I've had . 
text: Yes , I think he's the most relaxing person in management . 	labels: What's more , he said I was the hardest working person in the office ! 
text: That's good . Maybe you'll get promoted . 	labels: I hope so . 	episode_done:True
text:do you know why i pulled you over?	labels:i have no idea. all of a sudden i heard your siren.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , it's my first time in Egypt . What would you advise me to see here ? 	labels: There are many famous resorts in Egypt . You can have a good time here . 
text: But I'm going to stay here only for two days . 	labels: I'm afraid two days isn't enough for you to see all the places of interest . 
text: What shall I do then ? 	labels: If I were you , the pyramid would be my first choice . It's so magnificent . 
text: It's really worth seeing . By the way , I'd like to buy some souvenirs . 	labels: You needn't worry about it . There are many stores at the scenic spots . I'm sure you can get what you want . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite hobby ? 	labels: I'd like reading books best . 
text: What kinds of books do you like to read ? 	labels: Literature and economy . 
text: By the way , would you like to see movies ? 	labels: That's OK . 
text: What do you do in your spare time ? 	labels: I like to play golf , play badminton or crack jokes . 
text: I just like to sleep like a lazy cat . 	labels: That's a bad habit . 	episode_done:True
text:How much does it cost to rent a mid-size car ? 	labels: I can give you one for $ 30 a day or $ 200 a week . 
text: Fine . I'd like to reserve one for next Tuesday . 	labels: May I see your driver's license ? 
text: Yes . It's right here . 	labels: OK . You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $ 100 deposit . 	episode_done:True
text:Good Morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to change Australian dollars for RIB . 
text: How much do you want to change ? 	labels: I am not sure . What's the rate today ? 
text: It's 1 Australian dollar to 6.1 Yuan RIB . 	labels: What was the rate yesterday ? 
text: The rate was 1 Australia dollar to 6.5 Yuan yesterday . 	labels: Oh , the rate goes down . 
text: It does , sir . Do you still want to have it changed now ? 	labels: Let me think ... Will the rate still go down tomorrow ? 
text: I don't know , sir . But it won't change much . 	labels: Well , I want to change 1000 Australian dollars for RIB . 
text: Okay . Please sign here in this form . 	labels: OK . 
text: Here is the 6,100 RIB . 	labels: Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:Merry Christmas ! 	labels: Huh ? 
text: I said Merry Christmas ! Don't you know that Christmas is almost here ? 	labels: It is ? Oh , that's nice . 
text: Huh ? Didn't you know ? Aren't you excited ? 	labels: Actually , I'd forgotten about it . 
text: Forgotten about it ? How could you ? 	labels: Because I'm not Christian , I'm Jewish . 
text: Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't know . 	labels: It's all right . There are so many Christians in America that everybody takes it for granted that I'm Christian . 
text: I guess so . So what do you do around this time of year ? 	labels: Well , I'll celebrate Hanukah soon , but that's not as important to us as Christmas is to you . Mainly I'll just enjoy the holiday break . 
text: Well , would you be horribly offended if I invited you to a Christmas party at my house ? 	labels: Not at all . A party is a party . I'll be happy to come . 	episode_done:True
text:I understand we will need seven air conditioning units on the two floors.That ' s what you think , yes ? 	labels: Yes . You could use five or six units.But five or six wouldn't be very efficient . I recommend seven . 
text: And if we take the Decker units you suggested , what would the price be ? 	labels: Let me calculate the price for you . I can give you a 15 % discount if you buy the seven units.Let ' s see here . Your total would be 5929 dollars . 
text: Isn't there any way we can get central air conditioning in this building ? 	labels: As I said , it is possible , but it would be much more expensive . I think it would be at least 12000 dollars to do a complete system . 
text: That's too much . We need to use the separate units , I guess . 	labels: It's more practical , and the new units really are very quiet.Your customers won't even notice them . 
text: So you say we can do it for 6000 dollars . 	labels: Yes , that's for the units.Installation would probably be another 700 to 1000 dollars.But it depends on the time spent , of course . 
text: You mean installation isn't included ? I'm very surprised . 	labels: No , Ma'am . Installation isn't included.The price I quoted was just for the units . 
text: In Taipei , you know , the company usually installs the things they sell.They don't charge extra . 	labels: I know that , Ma'am . But they would just raise the price of the units to cover their costs.Here in L . A . , installation is charged separately . 
text: Yes , I suppose I should get used to it.But I'm not really willing to spend more than 6000 dollars for this.We haven't even opened yet . 	labels: I understand , Ma'am . 
text: And the other company that gave me a quote on this said they could do it for 4000 dollars . 	labels: It's a question of quality , Ma'am . At that price , you would not get good equipment . I've been in this business for almost twenty years . I know what happens.If you don't get quality air conditioning now , you will just have to replace the system after two years . 
text: I will tell you what I can agree to.If you can quote me a price of 6000 dollars , installation included , I can accept . 	labels: Well . 
text: You do seem like a better company than the other one.So I am willing to pay more than 4000 for you . But I won't pay more than 6000 . 	labels: Well , we don't usually do it , but ... I believe we can accommodate you on this.We will do the installation for free . Because we appreciate your business . 	episode_done:True
text:i need to withdraw some money.	labels:how are you going to do that?	episode_done:True
text:I need to cancel my reservation . I have personal matters that need fixing . 	labels: That's not a problem . Just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit . 
text: Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 , April 9 through 15 . 	labels: I see your info here on the screen . I'll hit just one button , sir , and you're cancelled . 
text: Thank you . I'm glad that wasn't too much of a bother . 	labels: It's a pleasure . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you take vitamin pills regularly ? 	labels: No , I don't , do you ? 
text: Yes . Maybe you should do it too . You may not get enough vitamins from your food , you know . 	labels: But , I don't believe in taking pills to get enough vitamins . 
text: How's that . 	labels: Because it's better , easier and cheaper to get them from the food we eat . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . floor service , can I help you ? 	labels: Hello , this is Smith from 1308 , can you add something to my room ? 
text: No problem , what would you need , Mr . Smith ? 	labels: 2 towels and l Turkish towel , please ? 
text: OK , I will send them to you soon . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Anything else , Mr . Smith ? 	labels: No more , thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:I've got a headache and sore throat . 	labels: How long have you had it ? 
text: It all started the day before yesterday . 	labels: I think you've got the flu . There's a lot of it about . 
text: What should I do ? 	labels: Take some medicine and stay in bed for a day or two . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you offer a course in business management ? 	labels: Yes , we do . 
text: How many nights a week is it ? 	labels: It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday . 
text: And how long does the course last ? 	labels: It lasts for 9 months . 
text: When does it start ? 	labels: The next beginning class starts on October 25th . 
text: What time is the class ? 	labels: From 7 to 9 o'clock . 
text: How much does it cost ? 	labels: It costs 125 dollars a month . 
text: Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course . 	labels: Thank you , please fill out this form for us . 
text: Do you want me to fill it out now ? 	labels: Yes , please . We need a record of you education and your work experiences . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow ? 	labels: What ’ s to get ready ? 
text: Lots ! Have you done any research about the company ? 	labels: Nope . 
text: Have you updated your CV ? 	labels: Nope . 	episode_done:True
text:Alan , I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list . Are you interested in some of our products ? 	labels: Yes , I'm thinking of buying some T-shirts , but I find your price is on the high side . 
text: I'm very surprised to hear you say that . I think our price is very favorable . You can hardly get such an attractive price from other suppliers . 	labels: I'm not so sure of that . I think it's difficult for me to push sales at such a price . 
text: What's your proposal then ? 	labels: I think to get the business done , you should at least reduce the price by 20 % . 
text: We could take a cut on the price if your order is a large one , but a 20 % reduction is really more than we can do . What quantity are you going to order from us then ? 	labels: As a trial order , I'll take 5,000 dozen this time . 
text: 5,000 dozen is by no means a large order . In that case , the best I can do is to give you a 5 % reduction . 	labels: That's really a big change from 20 % . I really can't accept that . 
text: What's your counter-offer then ? 	labels: To conclude the deal , I'd say a reduction of at least 15 % would help . 
text: 15 % is impossible . That'll leave us almost no profit . 	labels: If that's the case , I'll have to go somewhere else to meet my needs . 
text: How about doing it this way ? You increase your quantity to 8,000 dozen and I'll give you a l0 % reduction . 	labels: 8000 would be too large a figure to be used for a trial . 
text: Well , to encourage future business , I'm prepared to reduce the price by 10 % . We can't go any further . 	labels: Ok . Let's call it a deal . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Ms . Barkley . How are you ? 	labels: Fine , thank you , sir . It ’ s nice to see you again . 
text: Good to see you again , too . How ’ s you family ? 	labels: Very well , thank you , Mr . Parker . 	episode_done:True
text:What's the matter with my throat , doctor ? 	labels: Your throat is inflamed . 
text: Is it serious ? 	labels: Don't worry , it's not serious . You will get better soon . 	episode_done:True
text:it isn't easy to see.	labels:but it's real easy to slip on.	episode_done:True
text:How do you want to advertise the opening ? 	labels: I've had good responses from the Beijing Times , help-wanted ads . 
text: All right . I suggest posting the ad Monday through Friday . 	labels: OK . Monday is the big day for job ads . 
text: And job seekers will certainly check the paper over on Tuesday . 	labels: Let's post on the Internet , too . Will get a better response . I'll post the ads . I know some good sites . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing now?	labels:I am chatting now	episode_done:True
text:Just remember . The main thing right now is to make sure Stars.com is happy . 	labels: Right . You're right . But she's just evil . Someone should drive a stake through her heart . 
text: Elvin , please . Can I count on you to keep your cool for a week , or not ? 	labels: I'm OK . I'll be fine . I'v cool . I'm cold . I'm like ice . She won't know what hit her . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi, I need assistance, please.	labels: How can I help you today?
text: My phone refuses to turn on anymore.	labels: It looks like it short circuited.
text: Well, I did drop it many times.	labels: I'm afraid I can't help you.
text: I guess I'll have to use the warranty.	labels: According to your contract, you may choose a new phone.
text: I'll just get the same brand again.	labels: Will you need the warranty?
text: No. Just have the phone.	labels: Make sure you don't go dropping it!	episode_done:True
text:When will the ceremony begin ? 	labels: The ceremony will begin at 9 0 ' clock . After the ceremony , there's a reception . By the way , do you know why they have chosen September 9th for their wedding ceremony ? 
text: No idea . 	labels: As in English , Chinese also has some lucky numbers . The number 9 stands for perpetuity in Chinese . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you been having any problems lately ? 	labels: No , but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked . 
text: Do you have a history of high blood pressure ? 	labels: No , I have never been told that I have high blood pressure . 
text: High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms . 	labels: How do you check for high blood pressure ? 
text: We are going to use this cuff here , and it will give me a reading . 	labels: What do the numbers mean ? 
text: They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood . 	labels: Good . That will help me know how I am doing . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Could I speak with Mr . Willard please ? 	labels: This is he . Who ’ s calling , please ? 
text: This is Chris Emerson speaking . 	labels: Hello , Chris . How can I help you ? 	episode_done:True
text:thank you very much, that's kind of you.	labels:don't mention it.	episode_done:True
text:room service brought us a cold dinner.	labels:our nonsmoking room stunk of cigarette smoke.	episode_done:True
text:remember to put air in your tires.	labels:how often do i have to do that?	episode_done:True
text:We are willing to participate in the bid which you advertised in China Daily . Would you please tell me the detail of the tender conditions ? 	labels: You will receive the tender notice next month and you'll find the information . 
text: OK ! Our company is very interested in the tender . I am sure that we will do our best to win the bidding in building the factory . 	labels: I believe your corporation will try your best and I understand fully your feeling , if your tender conditions proved be suitable for our general conditions of tender , we will accept your submission of tender . 
text: Maybe I have asking too many questions today . 	labels: That's all right . You can contact me later if you have other questions after you read the tender notice . 
text: Fine , thanks a lot . Bye ! 	labels: Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot . 	labels: I'm sorry for hero . 
text: I don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts . 	labels: Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect . 	episode_done:True
text:What did he say ? 	labels: He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man . 
text: It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man . 	labels: Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon ! 	labels: Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ? 
text: I'm very well , thank you.How are you ? 	labels: Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ? 
text: Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . 	labels: Yes . 
text: What's the weather like in your country ? 	labels: Mm ... It's quite warm now . 
text: Where do you live ? 	labels: In London.Where do you live ? 	episode_done:True
text:i just wanted to give you the good news.	labels:thanks for letting me know.	episode_done:True
text:What sort of shift-system do you operate ? 	labels: We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday . We're shut at weekends . This week I'm on the early shift . 
text: Do you ever have to do the night shift ? 	labels: Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day . 	episode_done:True
text:oh, yes, because of all the killer germs.	labels:if you're a smart doctor, you stay away from hospitals.	episode_done:True
text:i hope we'll see a home run.	labels:i hope we'll catch a foul ball.	episode_done:True
text: Hi!	labels: How's it going?	episode_done:True
text:no, the car stopped and the passenger pushed the injured student off the hood.	labels:i'll bet the car continued on its way.	episode_done:True
text:What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday ? 	labels: Probably nothing . 
text: You have to do something romantic . 	labels: Romantic ? I can't remember what that word means . 
text: Well , you have three kids , so you knew what it meant once upon a time ! 	labels: Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you make up this prescription for me , please ? 	labels: Certainly . I'll do it for you right away . Sorry the drugs on this order are out of stock . 
text: What can I do ? 	labels: Would you prefer to take similar medicine of other brands ? 
text: Could I ? 	labels: Certainly . I recommend this medicine . It's the same medicine , same quality , at a much lower cost . And it helps just as much . In fact , you'll feel better just by saving the money , I promise . 
text: Great . I'll take this brand . And how do I take these medicines ? 	labels: This is for internal use . Two tablets , four times a day . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:no one speaks perfect english.	labels:maybe i will be the first!	episode_done:True
text:You get your bus pass ? 	labels: I'm not going to buy one . 
text: You're not ? 	labels: I think it's a waste of money . 
text: It actually costs less if you have a bus pass . 	labels: How is that ? 
text: You can use it however many times you need to . 	labels: Is that right ? 
text: Yup , and you can keep the money in your pocket . 	labels: That sounds nice . 
text: You should go get yours . 	labels: Yeah , I think I will . 	episode_done:True
text:How are you , Sue ? 	labels: Pretty good . I ’ Ve just had my new poems published . 
text: Congratulations on your success . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: And how ’ s your brother ? 	labels: He is fine . 
text: He ’ s going to be sent to Britain to study , really ? 	labels: Yes . He ’ s already got the passport and visa . 
text: Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations . 	labels: Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed . 	episode_done:True
text:i know, it does sound pretty awesome.	labels:well, when does the party start?	episode_done:True
text:What are your strengths and weaknesses ? 	labels: I have just left school , but I am well acquainted with office work . 
text: Why are you qualified for this position ? 	labels: Since leaving school , I have attended typewriting and shorthand classes , and have now attained a speed of fifty and ninety works respectively . 
text: What can you contribute to the position of a market analyst ? 	labels: I know how to gather and summarize information from the Intent , which is an essential skill for market analysis . 
text: What job-related skills do you have ? 	labels: I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language . 	episode_done:True
text:Charles , have you finished your homework ? 	labels: Not yet , Grandma , What's the matter ? 
text: I want you to have a walk with me . 	labels: I'll finish soon . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Madam . How can I be of service ? 	labels: I'd like to pay this cash into my account please . I usually do it at the machine , but the queue is very long today . 
text: Yes , I'm sorry about that . One of our Atms is down and we are waiting for it to be repaired , but it should be up and running again very soon . 	labels: I see . Here's my Bank Book . 
text: You need to fill out the deposit slip as well . Here you go , Madam . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:why are you in such a good mood today ? 	labels: well , yesterday , I decided to face my fear of heights . 
text: I didn't know you were scared of heights ! Was it really bad ? 	labels: let me put it this way . I've never seen a professional sorts game in a stadium because I could never get myself to walk to the top of the stairs to sit down . 
text: so what did you do about it yesterday ? 	labels: I went sky-diving ! 
text: you're kidding me ! that sounds really scary ! 	labels: It was scary , but it felt great , too . 
text: weren't you scared ? 	labels: of course I was scared . But I had an instructor that went with me and that helped . 
text: so have you cured your fear of heights ? 	labels: I think so . After I jumped out of the plane , I realized that I should just enjoy life . Worrying about it or not doing things out of fear is just plain silly . 
text: I'm impressed . 	labels: are you scared of anything ? 
text: well , sometimes I get scared when I'm in my apartment all by myself . 	labels: what do you think is going to happen ? 
text: I always worry that the door is unlocked or that a window is open and that a stranger will come in and steal my things . 	labels: it sounds like you just need to be more careful . 	episode_done:True
text:my girlfriend and i sit outside starbucks.	labels:that sounds like a good spot.	episode_done:True
text:How do you feel ? 	labels: I like the style but it is a little tight in the waist . 
text: Here is the bigger size . 	labels: This one fits me well but it is too expensive , can you make it a little cheaper ? 	episode_done:True
text:Have you had any publications ? 	labels: Yes . I have published some articles in China Daily and Economist . 
text: How about your communication skills ? 	labels: As a journalist , I have strong communication skills . I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence . 	episode_done:True
text:Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever ! 	labels: When did you finish ? 
text: This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches ! 	labels: Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee ! 	episode_done:True
text:it must've been a close game.	labels:it really was. you should've gone.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ? 	labels: Cut what out I ’ m not doing anything . 
text: The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy . 	labels: Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup ! 
text: I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ’ re shouting into your phone all the time ? 	labels: You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze ? 
text: Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ’ s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ’ s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ’ m willing to forgive and forget and if you are . 	labels: Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down . 	episode_done:True
text:Why have you changed your job so frequently ? 	labels: My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear . I do not have more chances to enrich my experience . Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up , but unfortunately , they closed their service in three months ' time . I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now , but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution . 	episode_done:True
text:where is pasadena?	labels:it's in california.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? 	labels: I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . 
text: When do you expect him back ? 	labels: I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . 
text: Well , may I leave a message ? 	labels: Yes , of course . 
text: Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? 	labels: Ok . Does he know your number ? 
text: I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 . 	labels: 13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, i do.	labels:what college do you go to?	episode_done:True
text:What is your major ? 	labels: My major is Business Administration , I am especially interested in Marketing . 
text: Which university are you attending ? 	labels: I attended Suzhou University . 
text: Have you received any degrees ? 	labels: Yes . I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration . 
text: What course did you like best ? 	labels: Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work . 
text: Do you feel that you have received a good general training ? 	labels: Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school . 
text: English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post , especially in the starting period . Wharfs your ability in these two fields ? 	labels: I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m terribly sorry to cause you so much trouble . 	labels: That ’ s alright . 	episode_done:True
text:You have an unusual accent , Mr . Robbins . Where are you from originally ? If you don ’ t mind me asking . 	labels: Not at all . I was born in Madrid , but I came to the States when I was a teenager . 
text: I guess that must be what I ’ m hearing , I really couldn ’ t place it . Do go back to Madrid often ? 	labels: No , I haven ’ t been back for more than ten years . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope i win the lotto.	labels:your chances are very small.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ? 	labels: Sounds interesting , I haven't gone boating for some time now , and what time ? 
text: How about tomorrow afternoon ? 	labels: Sure . Where shall I meet you ? 
text: At the gate of the park . 	labels: Great . I look forward to meeting you . 
text: See you then . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , my brakes are not working well . 
text: What's wrong with them ? 	labels: I hear a noise and feel vibrations when step on the brake . 
text: The front brake ? 	labels: I think so . 
text: What kind of car is it ? 	labels: Toyota Corolla 2002 . 
text: Write down your name and address , give me the key , and I will check it out . 	labels: Do you charge for checking it out ? 
text: No . 	labels: How long is it going to take ? 
text: About half an hour . 	labels: I'll wait . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you read what this says ? 	labels: Yes , and you could too if your hair wasn't hanging down in your face . 
text: Don't dis my hair ! I like it like this . 	labels: You like it , but it's getting to be a handicap for you . 
text: Hey , that's enough about my hair . 	labels: I know a great hairdresser not far from here and she is cute too . 
text: I don't go to hairdressers because they're cute . 	labels: Did I mention she's good at cutting hair too ? 	episode_done:True
text:Two burgers , please . 	labels: For here or to go ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card . 	labels: Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . 
text: Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . 	labels: Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments . 
text: Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses . 	labels: Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , do you have any vacancies ? 	labels: Yes , something just opened up . 
text: What kind of apartment is it ? 	labels: It's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment . 	episode_done:True
text:Mom , can you talk about the philosophy of life with me ? 	labels: You got me on that one . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you even bother to go to school today ? 	labels: Yeah , I went . Did you go ? 
text: No , I didn't feel like it . 	labels: That's nice , have you been to the movies lately ? 
text: No , but that was a random change of subject . 	labels: It may have been random , but have you ? 
text: I haven't lately . 	labels: I would love to catch a movie this weekend . 
text: So then , why don't you just go ? 	labels: I don't want to see a movie by myself . 
text: Okay , so are you going to school tomorrow ? 	labels: I think I might just go to the movies . 	episode_done:True
text:I must be going now . 	labels: Really ? Can't you stay a little longer ? 
text: No , I really must go now.My family are expecting me home soon . 	labels: Be seeing you then ! 	episode_done:True
text: umm yes he has some but not all	labels: you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to make an appointment with manager Mr.Wu . Would 10:00 a . m . tomorrow be all right ? 	labels: I'm afraid not . He has a meeting tomorrow morning . 
text: Could I possibly make it early in the afternoon ? 	labels: No , that's not good either . But give me your phone number and I'll call you if somebody cancels . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you all right ? 	labels: I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire . 
text: Don't worry.He is an acrobat 。 	labels: I see . 	episode_done:True
text:This'd better be good . I'm about to fire you all and find another company . 	labels: We've brought you a little something from the place down the street , Kitty Cafe-Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee beans ! 
text: Mmm , smells good . Sure better than my instant . But please don't tell me this is another coffee-themed pitch . I thought I told you ... 	labels: ... yes , but this one has an all-new buzz . 	episode_done:True
text:You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English . 	labels: Uh , I don't know what to say . What do you want to know ? 
text: What's your method of learning ? 	labels: Let me think a minute . I think I always try to take every chance to practice . 
text: What if there is no chance ? I mean what if you don't have a partner , what will you do ? 	labels: Well , I talk to myself . That is , I play one role first , then the other . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 	labels: Yes , I am . You must be Tom . Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you too . Let me help you with your bags . 	labels: Be careful , Tom . Those are pretty heavy . 	episode_done:True
text:My German teacher thought it would be a good idea to have German pen friends to write to in German . 	labels: What a great idea ! Now you have a friendly audience to practice with ! 
text: The only thing is that my pen friend will be writing in English . 	labels: Oh , he wants to practice his language skills , too . 
text: That's right . And it's a B that I'll be writing too . Her name is Olga . 	labels: Maybe Olga can introduce you to some of her friends who can write to you in German and you can do the same for her with your friends to write her in English . 
text: That's a great idea ! Why didn't I think of that ? 	labels: I don't know , but you know how to surround yourself with great friends ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Could you tell me if the bus goes the national history museum ? 	labels: No . It doesn ’ t . There ’ s no through bus to the national history museum Madam .. 
text: I see . Where do I have to change them ? 	labels: You can transfer at Cuchan Men . 
text: How far is it ? 	labels: Well , it ’ s only three stops from here . 
text: I see . Thanks a lot . 	labels: You ’ re welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th . 	labels: Alright and what is your name , please ? 
text: It ’ s Marcia Gleason . 	labels: Ah , yes , here you are Ms . Gleason . You reserved a single , right ? 
text: Yes , a single , thanks . 	labels: Do you mind being next to the elevator ? 	episode_done:True
text:What date is it today ? 	labels: Today is December 23,2002 . 
text: Oh , the day after tomorrow is Christmas . 	labels: Merry Christmas to you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me , please ? Is there a public restroom near here ? 	labels: I'm sorry , but I don't think so . 
text: Oh , no ! ! My son needs a bathroom . 	labels: Well , there's a department store on Grant Street . There are restrooms in the basement . 
text: Where on Grant Street ? 	labels: Between Second and Third Streets . The store is across from the hotel . 
text: Thank you very much . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:it's such a chore.	labels:brush, brush. spit, spit.	episode_done:True
text:What are we going to eat for dinner ? 	labels: Whatever meal that you plan on making . 
text: I thought you were making dinner tonight . 	labels: I do all the cooking . 
text: Your food tastes so much better than mine . 	labels: Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself . 
text: You really want me to cook tonight ? 	labels: I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything . 
text: No problem . 	labels: Thanks . I'm going to go take a nap . 
text: Would you like me to come get you when the food is done ? 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text: Sally, what are you doing?	labels: I'm making posters, Mom. Our school needs to raise money for a field trip.
text: Why do you need to raise money?	labels: We want to go on an overnight camping trip and the school doesn't have enough money.
text: How are you going to try to raise money?	labels: We are going to have a car wash.
text: A car wash? Where and how?	labels: It's going to be at the school parking lot and the students and teachers are going to volunteer to wash cars for donations.
text: That's a great idea! Can parents help, too?	labels: Sure! I'll let my teacher know.
text: When is the car wash?	labels: Saturday at noon.
text: What will the weather be like on Saturday?	labels: I don't know. I haven't checked.
text: According to the weather report, it's going to be clear and sunny.	labels: That's perfect weather for a car wash.
text: How many posters are you going to make?	labels: As many as possible. Karen and Jane are coming over to help too.
text: Where are you going to hang these posters?	labels: All over town. I hope many people see them.	episode_done:True
text:I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday . 	labels: What words ? Can you tell me ? 
text: He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that . 	labels: Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason . 
text: Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable . 	labels: I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness . 
text: It ’ s easy to say , but I will try . 	labels: Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire . 	episode_done:True
text:thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.	labels:all right. another time then.	episode_done:True
text:What is my ideal weight ? 	labels: It depends on your height and body type . 
text: How can I avoid injuring myself during exercise ? 	labels: By warming up before and cooling down after your workout . 
text: Sir , tell us about your experience with Super Bulk-up . 	labels: Well , it's completely changed my life . 
text: Tell us how . 	labels: Well , before , I was the skinniest guy on the beach . 
text: And now ? 	labels: Just look ! In six short weeks I've put on 30 pounds of pure muscle . 	episode_done:True
text:There was something wrong with the plane last Thursday . 	labels: Which flight ? 
text: Flight 198 . Fortunately , there were few passengers . 	labels: How about the passengers ? 	episode_done:True
text:There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from ! 	labels: Yes , there must be about a hundred . Do you have a favorite ? 
text: I love fruit flavored ices the best . 	labels: I know , fresh fruit flavored is the best ever . 
text: What is your least favorite ice cream ? 	labels: I don't like peppermint ice cream . 
text: Yeah , I know what you mean . 	labels: One time , I tried garlic ice cream . 
text: That could be interesting . 	labels: That doesn't sound like a good choice for today though . Let's order ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: No , thanks . I'm just looking . 	episode_done:True
text:what are you watching on the telly ? 	labels: there's a great sitcom on Channel 3 that stars in about three minutes . 
text: which one is that ? 	labels: the office . Have you watched it ? 
text: I've seen the British version and loved it , but have never seen the American version . 	labels: it's almost exactly the same . I think it's a hilarious show . 
text: what are you watching now ? 	labels: they're just showing highlights of American Idol from last night right now . 
text: I can't stand American Idol ! I think it's really over-rated . 	labels: I couldn't agree with you more . 
text: have you got satellite , cable , or digital TV ? 	labels: we have digital TV . It's amazing though---even with 100 channels , there's often nothing on that I'd want to watch ! 
text: do you watch a lot of TV then ? 	labels: I guess so . I'm bit of a couch potato . How about you ? 
text: I don't have a TV at home , so I rarely watch anything . Is there anything worth watching after the office ? 	labels: there's actually a documentary on the history channel later on that I'd like to watch . Do you want to stay and watch it with me ? 	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 	labels: Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . 
text: What are they ? 	labels: They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . 
text: And what is the most important point ? 	labels: You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule . 	episode_done:True
text:I have to go home now , Jenny . Thanks for inviting me to your party . 	labels: I'm glad you came . I hope you enjoyed it . 	episode_done:True
text:i can't quit, because i'm making a good salary.	labels:you shouldn't choose money over happiness.	episode_done:True
text:  I'm sorry I am so late.	labels:  What happened?
text:  I was stuck in traffic.  There was a big accident.	labels:  I hope no one was injured.
text:  I saw a few ambulances.	labels:  That's terrible.  	episode_done:True
text:thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.	labels:those are nice. what are they?	episode_done:True
text:The doctors told you he would be alright?	labels:Yes,but they need to keep him for further tests.	episode_done:True
text:I came in response to your advertisement for a salesperson . 	labels: OK , please be seated . May I have your name , please ? 
text: My name is Woody . 	labels: OK , Woody . Why are you interested in this job ? 
text: Because I admire your company . Yours is one of the most effective and respectable companies in this city . 	labels: Have you worked anywhere else before ? 
text: Yes , five years ago . I began to work in a fashion company in Shanghai . Two years ago , I came to Beijing , and worked in a department store as a salesman . 	labels: OK , your work experience is impressive , and I think you sound right for this position , but I do have 3 other people to interview , so you'll be hearing from us within a week . 	episode_done:True
text: Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?	labels: that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Chandler will be our new partner , so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future , because it may decide whether Mr . Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not . Do you have some idea ? 	labels: I suppose we can bring him to visit our company , as well as our display room . In this way , he can know more about our company and our potential power . In my opinion , visiting the factory will help him learn our manufacturing process very much . 
text: En , you are right , and he will trust us and maybe the contract will be signed soon . But remember to keep some skills of our manufacturing secret . On one hand , show his our best side ; on the other hand , do not show too much to protect our own business secrets . 	labels: Well , I understand . 	episode_done:True
text:that's rude.	labels:then he drove too fast to the restaurant.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me.sir . Can I have look at the timetable please ? 	labels: Surely of course.Here you are . 
text: Is flight ZW203 a direct one ? 	labels: No , it stopped at Honolulu.Would you like to book one ? 
text: No . Is there any direct flight to New York ? 	labels: Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I use your laptop for a while ? 	labels: Sure , go ahead . 
text: Oh , isn't your computer Wi-Fi capable ? 	labels: Yes , it is . You want go online ? there are no wi-fi hotspots around . 
text: Oh my , no internet access is killing me . 	labels: Can't you wait till you get home ? then you can surf the internet using the broadband , wireless connection or whatever you like . 
text: No , I'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends . 	labels: Now I see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation . 
text: What does that mean ? there's nothing wrong with me . 	labels: Well , the term ' discomgoogolation ' comes from ' discombobulate ' and ' google ' . Because floods of information are just a mouse click away , net users are very likely to become addicted to the web . 
text: That's alright . I just can't bear losing track of all the latest information . It almost drives me crazy . 	labels: Then , you're probably addicted . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ? 
text: Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ? 	labels: Mostly cassette tapes . 
text: Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good . 	labels: Kreng ? I've never heard of that company . 
text: It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone . 	labels: I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily . 
text: Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ? 	labels: Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks . 
text: Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ? 	labels: Well . No , I didn't clean it.But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse . 
text: Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse.Here is a good unit . Very reliable.It has an AM / FM band , built-in microphone , recording capability , and no auto-reverse . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: This one sells for $ 39.99 . 	labels: Can I test it out ? 
text: Of course . 	labels: It sounds great . I'll take it . 
text: Fine . I think you'll be happy with it . It's a very good unit . Very reliable . I'll go get you a new one in a box . I will be back in just a moment . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:It's not good for business recently . 	labels: Not good for business ? I don't see eye to eye with you.The new policy offers new opportunities . 	episode_done:True
text:there are other things i need to take care of.	labels:what is it that you need to do?	episode_done:True
text:What is wrong with your face ? 	labels: My brother did it . 
text: Why ? 	labels: I laughed up my sleeves at him . He ’ s seen his girlfriend off at the airport and had lipstick on his face and did not know it . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to hear a funny joke ? 	labels: OK . Are you sure it's funny , though ? 
text: Well , you'll see . 	labels: OK . 
text: OK , an Englishman , a Scotsman , and an Irishman were going on a trip across the desert , and they could only take one thing with them . 	labels: I see . 
text: So they met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment . 	labels: Oh , that's funny ! 
text: Hang on , I haven't finished yet . 	labels: Oh , sorry . 
text: Well , as I was saying , they showed each other what they had decided to bring . The Englishman had brought some water . " If we get thirsty , we'll have something to drink , " he said . The Scotsman brought a map . " If we get lost , we'll be able to find our way . " The Irishman had brought a car door . 	labels: A car door ? You mean just one car door ? 
text: Yep . A car door . " Why the door ? " the others asked him . " Well , " he said , “ If it gets hot , we can open the window . " Do you get it ? 	labels: Well ... 	episode_done:True
text:no, they don't. one is black and one is dark blue.	labels:yikes! thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Solomon , I thought we had agreed to change this deadline . 	labels: I wanted to talk to you about that , Mr . Eng . Mr . Emory would prefer to keep the deadline as is . We can start earlier if you ’ d like . 
text: I ’ ll have to think about that , Ms . Solomon . 	labels: Certainly , sir . We can wait another day or two . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , is that Jason ? 	labels: Yes . What can I do for you ? 
text: I am calling to let you know that you are expected to come for an interview in our branch . 	labels: That's cool . What documents do I need to carry ? 	episode_done:True
text:yes, and i sealed the envelope.	labels:did you put a stamp on the envelope?	episode_done:True
text:Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ? 	labels: Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run . 
text: What ’ s the score ? 	labels: Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base . 
text: So Baltimore is winning ? 	labels: Right . 
text: This is a really great place to watch a baseball game . 	labels: Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place . 
text: The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia . 	labels: It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . May I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to rent a car , please . 
text: Okay . Full-size , mid-size or compact , ma'am ? 	labels: Full-size , please . What's the rate ? 
text: 78 dollars a day with unlimited mileage . 	labels: And I'd like to have insurance just in case . 
text: Is there an additional driver ? 	labels: No . 
text: If you want full coverage insurance , it will be 8 dollars per day . It includes collision damage waiver and personal accident insurance . 	labels: All right . I'll take it . 
text: Here is our brochure , ma'am . Err ... full-size ... OK . Please choose a model in this section . 	labels: How about this one ? 
text: All right . How many days would you like to use it ? 	labels: Just one day . 
text: May I see your driver's license and credit card please ? 	labels: Is the international driving licence fine ? 	episode_done:True
text:Taxi ! Taxi ! 	labels: Where to , sir ? 
text: I ’ d like to go to the railway station please . 	labels: Please hop in . 
text: Is it a long run to the station ? 	labels: It ’ ll take about 20 minutes . 
text: The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they ? 	labels: Yes , they are . 
text: Is it the rush hour ? 	labels: Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry , sir ? 
text: No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully ? 	labels: Yes , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:excuse me.	labels:yes?	episode_done:True
text:will you be able to make it?	labels:i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.	episode_done:True
text:i'm going to take a nap.	labels:you should unplug the phone.	episode_done:True
text:What is this ? I didn't order that . 	labels: I ’ m terribly sorry . May I have your order again ? I'll get it right away . 
text: I've ordered savory pork and coleslaw . 	labels: I'm sorry . I must have made a mistake . I'll bring them for you at once . 
text: Hey ! What is this ? 	labels: Pardon me , Miss . But didn't you order chicken soup ? 
text: Oh , Is that what this is ? 	labels: I believe so . But if it really bothers you , I'll replace it for you . 
text: No , don't replace it . Give a refund . 	labels: Sorry . I'm afraid we can't . But you may order something else instead . 
text: Oh , really ? Give me a clam soup . 	labels: Okay , Miss . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: I hope you enjoy your dinner . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you speak English?	labels:I speak English	episode_done:True
text:What happen , John ? 	labels: Nothing . 
text: Why do you look unhappy ? 	labels: I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? 	labels: Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . 
text: Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown.Coffee ? 	labels: No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . 
text: Haha , I could never do that . I ’ d be a zombie if I didn ’ t have my morning coffee fix . Let ’ s get down to business then . 	labels: Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . 
text: That ’ s great ! I ’ m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ? 	labels: No , we ’ re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal . 	episode_done:True
text:  I would like to make an appointment to see Dr. Smith.	labels:  What do you need to see the doctor for?
text:  I just need an annual checkup.	labels:  Ok.  The doctor's next available appointment is next Monday at 10 AM.
text:  That's perfect.  Do I need to bring anything with me?	labels:  Please bring your insurance card and photo ID.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I Want a room , please . 	labels: Good afternoon , sir . Welcome to our hotel.What kind of room would you like , sir ? 	episode_done:True
text:Yeah,actually a lot of them are.	labels:How does she act?	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite kind of music ? Do you like pop music ? 	labels: I like almost all kinds of music . But I like country music best . 
text: There was a concert country music last week . 	labels: I wish I had been there ! 
text: I like it , too . But sometimes I enjoy jazz and classical music . 	labels: You have good taste in music . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Trev ! How did the shopping go ? 	labels: “ You ain't nothing ' but a hound-dog ... ” 
text: Trev , are you OK ? 	labels: Of course I'm OK ! I just bought a bunch of classic Elvis records ! 
text: Aren't you lucky . The vintage-clock guy is driving a hard bargain . So I have nothing . 	labels: No sweat . Just go back and talk him down . Here comes Wei . 	episode_done:True
text:can you fix a dripping faucet in a kitchen sink?	labels:of course.	episode_done:True
text:Are there any hobbies you do ? 	labels: When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint . 
text: Oh , you actually do that ? 	labels: Every so often , I do . 
text: Did you always know how to draw and paint ? 	labels: I was taught in high school how to draw and paint . 
text: You had an art class ? 	labels: Exactly , it was my favorite class . 
text: Well , it's good that you're so talented . 	labels: I appreciate that . 
text: Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one . 	labels: Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm really curious . What is it like doing housework all day for a living ? 	labels: It's a little like being a mom , only I get paid for it ! 
text: I still think that it is a bitstrange that you like to do that kind of thing . Most women would rather hire a maid . 	labels: That's exactly why my business is doing so well ! 
text: How Ay clients do you have already ? 	labels: Well , I've been in business for one month now and I have ten clients . 
text: Wow . Too bad I don't have a clue about housework . 	labels: If you ever need a job , let me know . I can always train you . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like some coffee , Tom ? 	labels: Yes , thank you . 
text: Here's some sugar . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you ? 	labels: Do you mean lying to people for their good ? 
text: Yes . Is it wrong to lie to them even if it is for their good ? 	labels: It's hard to say . I mean , how can you judge what's good for them ? Maybe it is best to tell them the truth no matter what it is . 
text: But sometimes it is so hard to tell the truth . 	labels: I know . If you're sure the truth will do harm , maybe you can choose not to tell it . 	episode_done:True
text:you have pretty eyes.	labels:thank you. so do you.	episode_done:True
text:You look upset , anything wrong ? 	labels: I'm going to quit the job . 
text: Why ? 	labels: The task is tough . 
text: You'd look before you leap . 	labels: Thanks for your concern . 	episode_done:True
text:How time flies ! We have been lovers for nearly a year . We hit it off instantly . 	labels: Yes , but do you think there is eternal love in the world ? 	episode_done:True
text:I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks . 	labels: Yes , Mr . Bergeron . You mentioned that in your letter . To tell you the truth , your proposal surprised us . 
text: Is that so ? Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person , so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration . Our firm specializes in this line of business . We have six sales representatives , who are on the road all the time , covering the whole of the European market . 	labels: Do you sell direct to shops ? 
text: Yes , we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts . We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct , without any middlemen . 	labels: Do you keep a stock of these things ? 
text: In some cases , such as the wristwatches , which always have a steady market , we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents . Generally , however , we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply . We are paid for our service , of course . 	labels: That is , your commission . 
text: Yes , our commission is very reasonable . We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal . 	labels: Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission . 
text: The European market is not familiar with your products . You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries . At the beginning of our campaign , there is sales resistance to overcome , we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs . A 10 % commission will not leave us much . 	labels: According to your estimate , what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill , in round figures , of course ? 
text: We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business , as our remuneration increases with the turnover , but we will not guar - ante anything , at least not to begin with . 	labels: We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products . But our suggestion to you , Mr . Bergeron , as a preliminary step , is to do a little research into the market ... 
text: Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency ? 	labels: Mr . Bergeron , you leave us no alternative . We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover . Besides our price is worked out according to the costing . A 10 % commission means an increase in our price . We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect . 
text: Oh , that's just too bad . I intended to make great efforts in selling your products . 	labels: Well , we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement . To start the ball rolling , we will provide you with price lists , catalogues and some samples . Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products , can we then discuss further details . 
text: Ah , Mrs . Miller , but in this case am I covered ? 	labels: Oh , yes . We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction . 
text: All right , but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair . And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency . 	labels: Very good . We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you , madam ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? 
text: Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be 	labels: These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ? 
text: Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service . 	labels: I ’ ll take them . 	episode_done:True
text:Why is the car before us stopping ? 	labels: What's going on ? 
text: Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops . 	labels: More and more people easily get irritated while driving . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , do you have any experience in guiding ? 	labels: Yes , but I only have few experiences . I guided a few groups of foreign tourists from America last winter vacation . I showed them around some places of interest . 
text: What places of interest did you show them ? 	labels: Too many . I will just give you one example , Huangguoshu Falls , the largest waler-fall in China . 	episode_done:True
text: It's time to start thinking about marketing our home.	labels: Won't our realtor do that?
text: Yes, of course, but we can make some suggestions.	labels: What suggestions?
text: I definitely want to have a For Sale sign on the lawn.	labels: That's funny. Don't all houses for sale have that?
text: No, not really. A lot of homes are just listed on the Internet.	labels: why do you want the sign then?
text: I still think it is an effective tool in selling a house.	labels: Okay, you're the boss.
text: We'll also have a listing online, so we can reach more people.	labels: Sounds good to me. We should do well then.	episode_done:True
text:How are you doing?	labels:I am fine	episode_done:True
text:no one makes any money at it.	labels:shakespeare was a poet.	episode_done:True
text:Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ? 	labels: He has no sense . 
text: If I were him , I wouldn'tbrazen it outby asking my parents for money . 	labels: But Joe won't you . 	episode_done:True
text:I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is . 	labels: Hey , Isabelle ... 
text: Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . 	labels: Yes , I am the guy . 
text: What a bummer ! You set me up ? 	labels: Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ... 
text: How dare you ! ( starts to walk off ) 	labels: Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella ! 
text: Why did you lie to me in the email ? 	labels: I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name . 
text: I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me . 	labels: I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over . 	episode_done:True
text: That election for U.S. Senator stunk.	labels: What do you mean?
text: There were more votes than voters!	labels: But that's impossible.
text: Officials said that it's possible.	labels: Did they explain how it's possible?
text: No. They said there are some things you can't explain.	labels: So are they going to hold another election?
text: No. That will cost too much money.	labels: So it's better to save money than to have an honest election?
text: Well, the Democratic Party says it was an honest election.	labels: Of course they say that¬ótheir man won!	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , can I deposit valuables here ? 	labels: Surely of course . 
text: Here is the bag . Is that free ? 	labels: Yes . How long would you like us to keep it ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... 	labels: You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . 
text: Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while . 	labels: OK , OK ! 
text: Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? 	labels: Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . 
text: Well , that's kind of obvious . 	labels: Give me a break , Mr Yang . 	episode_done:True
text:do you ever pray for money?	labels:not yet. i won't need to do that until i graduate from high school.	episode_done:True
text:How is everything going with your girlfriend ? 	labels: Didn ’ t I tell you ? It ’ s over ! 
text: Oh , I am sorry to hear that . I did ’ t know that you had split up . What happened ? 	labels: It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up ! 
text: Really ! Did she tell you why she didn ’ t show up ? 	labels: No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her with another man at a club near my home ! 
text: What was she thinking ? Did you confront her about it when you saw her ? 	labels: I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that night , but she didn't answer the phone . 
text: I can ’ t believe she would do that to you . It ’ s so dishonest---and rude ! 	labels: I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around . 
text: I bet you she regrets what she ’ s done . You were such a good catch ! She really lost out , didn ’ t she ? 	labels: I guess so . It would be nice to know why she did this though . 	episode_done:True
text:And so , I just wanted to check in with you and find out where we are with this project . As you know , you ’ Ve missed a fairly significant deadline last week , and this will negativity impact the team ’ s ability to move forward with the next stages of this project . 	labels: I know , I ’ m really sorry that I missed the deadline . But really , it wasn ’ t my fault . You see , we had all of these unexpected technical problems at the last minute , and that I couldn ’ t get into the database and extract the kind of information that I needed for the data analysis . You know , if the tech guys would have done their job and kept the ARM stable , then I wouldn ’ t have missed my deadline . 
text: Oh , come on ! An excuse like that is tantamount to lying . You ’ re essentially blaming the tech team for your time management issues , rather than accepting responsibility for the fact that you were procrastinating for the past two weeks . 	labels: No , I ’ m not trying to pass the buck here ; I know that it was me who is ultimately responsible for getting this done . But the thing is , I could have finished on time if the system hadn ’ t gone down . And you know , with everything I ’ Ve got going on now , I can ’ t afford to waste time dealing with technical problems . I ’ Ve got a lot on my plate and there are only twenty-four hours in a day ... 	episode_done:True
text:I put in two quarters for a coke , but nothing came out of the machine . 	labels: Really ? Let me check it . 
text: I'm sure it's broken . 	labels: No , ma'am . I ’ m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime . 	episode_done:True
text:Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations . 	labels: What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ? 	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me something about your insurance background . 	labels: I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . 
text: Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? 	labels: I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . 
text: Do you have any work experience in promotion ? 	labels: Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . 
text: Do people respond well to you ? 	labels: Yes , I'm good with people . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the Forbidden City , please ? 	labels: Sure . Go straight on down this road , take the second left and then the first right . It ’ s next to Tiananmen Square . 
text: Thanks . 	labels: Don ’ t mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:Who's that old lady trimming the trees ? 	labels: She's my grandma . 
text: She's looks very healthy.How old is she ? 	labels: 92 . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , could you cash these travaler's check for me , please ? 
text: Sure.Please sign your name here ... and here . 	labels: Ok , here you are . 
text: Thanks.How would you like them ? 	labels: It doesn't matter . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think about the apartment so far ? 	labels: It is beautiful . 
text: You don ’ t have any problems with how it looks ? 	labels: Actually , there is a problem . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: There are some stains that were left in the carpet . 
text: Those stains will be cleaned out of the carpet before you move in . 	labels: Oh , is that right ? 
text: Yes . Now what other problems do you have ? 	labels: That was the only problem that I saw . 
text: Well , I ’ m glad that everything else is to your liking . 	labels: I honestly love it . 	episode_done:True
text:Fastback Travel . How can I help you ? 	labels: Could you put me through to Dan Aykroyd ? 
text: He's on holiday for the week , I'm afraid . Can I help ? 	labels: Could you leave him a message ? 
text: Sure . 	labels: Could you tell him that Horst Weissmuller phoned . 
text: You'd better spell that ! 	labels: Of course . It's H , O , R , S , T , then W , E , I , S , S , M , U umlaut , L , L , E , R . 
text: Right , I think I've got that . OK , what's the message ? 	labels: Just tell him I'll call him when I get back from Australia . That's it . 
text: OK , will do . Bye . 	labels: Thanks . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:how long will it take me to learn?	labels:i think it will only take you a year or two.	episode_done:True
text:How do you get along with your co-workers ? 	labels: I get along pretty well with most of them . 
text: So how do you develop good relationships in the office ? 	labels: I think the key point is to be considerate of your co-workers ' feelings and needs and make a good working environment . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm really sorry , but I seem to have misplaced your towel . 	labels: Oh , that's all right . 
text: I'm very sorry . Can I get you another one ? 	labels: No . Forget about it . It's not important . 	episode_done:True
text:so the cop will stop those cars?	labels:of course. he stops the fastest cars.	episode_done:True
text:Look , there are some words on the fish . 	labels: I know that they are auspicious fish . It's quite popular nowadays . 
text: For God's sake ! It's too bloody . How can people be so cruel ? 	labels: Not at all . I think the tattoos are so cool and chic . 
text: You can't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people . 	labels: Honey , it's not so serious . It's just an animal . 
text: Just an animal ? But it has life too . If you want a tattoo , get one . It's your choice because you want it . But has anyone asked the fish if it wanted one ? 	labels: OK , I understand , but what else could we do ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , how are you . Is Alice there ? 	labels: Speaking . What's up ? 
text: Why haven't you answered the phone ? 	labels: My bad , I had chores to do . 
text: That's all right . 	labels: What was the reason for your call ? 
text: I want to do something tomorrow with you . 	labels: Sounds good . What did you have in mind ? 
text: I was thinking about seeing a movie . 	labels: Okay , let's go see a movie . 
text: Until then . 	labels: Talk to you later . 	episode_done:True
text:Here I raise a question for you . Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan . Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite ? 	labels: Firstly , we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes . And then on the day when he is coming , we wait for him at the gate of our company's gate . 
text: Well , that's right . How about on a formal occasion ? What should I say to show my gratitude ? 	labels: It's an honor and a privilege to receive a visit from such a distinguished group . 
text: And then , what should we do next when you meet the guests ? 	labels: Maybe we should send them to the reserved hotel for a short break , meanwhile we can also raise a question on what they want to have and know . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , back already ? That was quick ! 	labels: Yes , luckily our office is just down the street . 
text: Great . I shall also need a copy of your own ID and the Warrant Letter , you can fill in one here . 	labels: Oh , I see . 	episode_done:True
text:hey , you look great ! how's everything ? 	labels: yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . 
text: really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . 	labels: it's important to do proper exercises . 
text: you're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . 	labels: the trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . 
text: sounds reasonable . 	labels: we should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . 
text: and fruits ! 	labels: surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . 
text: I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? 	labels: yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can help one to keep sound physical health . 
text: I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track . 	labels: you bet it ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , do you know what ’ s for dinner ? I ’ m starving . 	labels: We ’ re on our own tonight , dad ’ s taking mom out . 
text: Out ? What do you mean out ? 	labels: You know on a date , they are going out to dinner . 
text: Dad and mom ? 	labels: Yeah , they said they ’ re reviving the old tradition . 
text: You mean this is going to be a regular thing ? 	labels: That ’ s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ? 	episode_done:True
text:Once you arrive at the American airport , please call me . 	labels: OK , don ’ t worry about it . I will . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like some more coffee ? 	labels: No thanks . I'm full . We need to find our waitress and get our bill . 
text: The waitress is bringing the bill right now . 	labels: This waitress has really been on top of things , hasn't she ? 
text: Yes , this waitress did a great job . 	labels: OK , let's see what the damage is . The total for our meal is $ 36.00 . 
text: What do you think would be the right amount to leave for a tip ? 	labels: Fifteen percent is a normal tip , but she really did a great job . What do you think about 20 % this time ? 
text: Yes , 20 % would be perfect . 	labels: Her tip will end up being $ 7.20 plus the bill of $ 36.00 . The total will be $ 43.20 . 
text: Yes , that was one fantastic meal ! 	labels: I agree . Maybe we can come back again next week . 	episode_done:True
text:  You missed a great game tonight.	labels:  Who won?
text:  Your favorite team.	labels:  I wish I could've seen it.
text:  Watch the highlights on the sports news.	labels:  That's not the same.	episode_done:True
text: Did you bring the mail in today?	labels: Yeah. I got it right here.
text: Oh, great. I'm waiting for my unemployment check. It's late.	labels: Sorry to tell you, your payment didn't come today.
text: No way. Darn it! It's more than a week late!	labels: Why don't you call EDD? I think they can tell you where it is.
text: I definitely need to call them.	labels: I think it's an automated system.
text: Oh darn. I don't like automated systems.	labels: The EDD system is not so bad.
text: Okay, I'll call. This is the longest the check has taken to get to me.	labels: If you have problems with the system, you can speak to a person by dialing 0.	episode_done:True
text:yes?	labels:are you reading this paper?	episode_done:True
text:How annoying ! 	labels: What's the matter ? 
text: Every time I try to start this program , the computer freezes . 	labels: Maybe there's something wrong with the program . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you still on your summer vacation ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: When will school start ? 	labels: It'll start on lst September . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.	labels:did they catch him?	episode_done:True
text:how many are there?	labels:eight.	episode_done:True
text:I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks . 	labels: I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here . 
text: Oh , that's too bad . Where can you park around here ? 	labels: There is a square in front of us , we can park the car there . 
text: Is a shop there ? 	labels: I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too . 
text: Just stop here for a moment . The police will not notice . 	labels: No , that's too risky . 	episode_done:True
text:no problem. so how have you been?	labels:i've been great. what about you?	episode_done:True
text: I can't study at home, because my family talks so loudly.	labels: Study at the library.
text: Can you focus in there?	labels: Yes, it's always really quiet.
text: I'll go today.	labels: Make sure you get a good seat.
text: Are there not enough seats for everyone?	labels: It depends on when you go.
text: I'm going at 1	labels: Dude, it's not even open that late.
text: But that's the best time for me.	labels: You can always try a cafe. They tend to close late or not at all.	episode_done:True
text:who invented flossing?	labels:a dentist, i'm sure.	episode_done:True
text:You look so excited . What happened ? 	labels: You are not going to believe this . Do you remember the dress we saw at Mayors that was so beautiful and expensive ? I got it today at half price . 
text: So they have started the year end sale earlier this year . 	labels: How can you stay so calm ? Aren't you going to take a look to see if there is anything for you ? 
text: I guess I'll wait a few more days . There maybe even bigger discount then . 	labels: But there won't be anything good left . 	episode_done:True
text:i can't read my book.	labels:turn on the light.	episode_done:True
text:did you watch that golf tournament?	labels:the one that tiger won?	episode_done:True
text:don't we have about five sharpeners?	labels:yes, but they seem to have legs.	episode_done:True
text:Are you feeling OK ? 	labels: My stomach is bothering me . 
text: What have you been eating ? 	labels: I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch . 
text: Maybe the food had something wrong with it . 	labels: It could be bad food , but I didn ’ t feel so well yesterday , either . 
text: Have you been under a lot of pressure lately ? 	labels: I haven ’ t been under any more stress than usual . 
text: Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around . 	labels: I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready ? 	labels: Not yet . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , and welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ? 	labels: Hello , Shelly , is it ? I'm here on behalf of my company , so I'll need the Corporate Banking Services . 
text: That's no problem ; I can take care of that for you . 	labels: I need to have a credit check done for my company . 
text: If it's this kind of consultancy service , I'll have to direct you to another department , I'm afraid . 	labels: That's no problem . Do you offer any other consulting services ? 
text: There are many services you can choose from . Why don't you take a look at this leaflet while I find someone who can help you ? 	labels: Great . I'll wait right here , thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:This is a very beautiful statue . What's it called ? 	labels: It's called ' Endless Love ' . It was a gift from a sister city in Australia for the 100th anniversary of the city . 
text: 100th anniversary ? When was that ? 	labels: Just two months ago . There were very big celebrations and there was a spectacular fireworks display . I took part in the great parade myself . 
text: Sounds real good . It's a pity that I missed that . 	labels: Yes . We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday . It made the people feel so proud of our city . 	episode_done:True
text: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold 🙂	labels: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	episode_done:True
text:I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . 	labels: My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . 
text: Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . 	labels: Oh , I'm sorry about that . 
text: Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? 	labels: Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . 
text: Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again . 	labels: I'll certainly look into that . 	episode_done:True
text:I really like the way this house looks . 	labels: Yes , it has great curb appeal . 
text: The landscaping is wonderful ! 	labels: Yes , it is nice , but wait until you see the interior . 
text: Oh , I see what you mean ! 	labels: The carpeting and paint are all new , as well as the window treatments . 
text: I love the sage green carpeting with the sunset-colored walls . 	labels: Come and see the kitchen . 
text: Oh , look at that beautiful countertop material and the double sink ! 	labels: Let ’ s go check out the bedroom and bathroom . 
text: I really like the Jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom . 	labels: I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it . 	episode_done:True
text:Which of the two do you think is better ? I mean , what's the difference between them ? 	labels: Well ... this one costs more , but it has a much better sound.This part of it is made of wood , not plastic . And there's a tone control , too . 
text: I only want it for the kitchen . I like to listen to the news at breakfast time . 	labels: Hmm ... well , the other one is good for the money . It's much cheaper . We sell clot of them and all our customers are satisfied with them . 
text: Hmm ... I'd like the cheaper one , please . Can I pay hy cheque ? 	labels: Certainly . 	episode_done:True
text:May I come in ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: How are you doing , Madam ? My name is During . I am coming to your company for an interview as requested . 	labels: Fine , thank you for coming . Mr . Wu , Please take a seat . I am Anne Smith , the assistant manager . 
text: Nice to see you , Mrs . Smith . 	labels: Nice to meet you , too . 	episode_done:True
text:When do you celebrate Thanksgiving ? 	labels: On the fourth Thursday of November . 
text: What do you eat on that day ? 	labels: People cook turkeys for Thanksgiving dinner . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: Besides the turkeys , we'll also have other delicious food . Such as pumpkin pies , puddings , mashed potatoes , bread , a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you mind doing something for me ? 	labels: I would if I could . 
text: Would you please explain the meaning of the word ? 	labels: Yes , With pleasure . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you think children watch too much Tv ? 	labels: I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don ’ t think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes . 
text: Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much Tv my kids can watch . They don ’ t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first . 	labels: If you decide to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch , remember to have something else for them to do . If you don ’ t , they ’ ll get bored and misbehave . 
text: They could go out and play with their friends . 	labels: Sure . You could talk to other parents in your neighbourhood and plan it so that all the kids are free at the same time . 
text: Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much Tv too . 	labels: That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much Tv , the kids will probably follow suit . 	episode_done:True
text:Lily ! Why aren't you up and ready for school ? 	labels: I don't feel so good , Mom . 
text: Lily , if you're acting sick just because you want to play hooky ... 	labels: No , Mom . I'm really sick . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday . 	labels: Oh where was that ? 
text: I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track . 	labels: Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy . She is always making us kids eat the proper foods . 
text: Well , it pays off for her . How old is she anyway ? 	labels: She will be 86 next month . 	episode_done:True
text:What time is it?	labels:It's one o'clock.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Sara , what are you reading ? 	labels: Hi , John , I am trying to find a carpenter . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Well , I want to build a deck in my back yard . 
text: What for ? 	labels: So I can have a special place to hang out with friends , and also do some barbecuing on weekends . 
text: That sounds cool . Do you mind if I recommend myself for the job ? 	labels: You ? Do you have a carpenter's license ? 
text: Yes , of course . But I only freelance on weekends with my uncle . 	labels: Wow ! That's cool . So , let me give you some details about the deck I want . 
text: Please go ahead , I am listening . 	labels: I'd like my deck to be at the same level as the back door . 
text: Is your back door higher than the ground level ? 	labels: Yes , the back door is about four or five steps higher than the ground . 
text: Okay , then you need a deck with a guardrail . 	labels: I don't like things to be fancy . 
text: Don't worry . I will build your deck with a simple but classic look . 	labels: Hmm , that's good . Can you use cedar or redwood to build it ? 
text: Cedar is a good choice . 	labels: Well , let's take the measurements right now . 	episode_done:True
text:I need almost all of them.	labels:You can keep coming back here.	episode_done:True
text:It's hot today , shall we go for a dip at the beach ? 	labels: That's a good idea . Let's bring our trunks and towels . 
text: Would you like to swim in the swimming pool or at the beach ? 	labels: I'd prefer the pool . 
text: OK . Let's pay the entrance fee and change our clothes in the dressing room . 	labels: What style do you use ? 	episode_done:True
text:why? i'm watching the original.	labels:but you'll be asleep in about one minute.	episode_done:True
text:but we just got here.	labels:did you see the waiter's hands?	episode_done:True
text:Okay , show me your card hand . Here's mine . I have three Kings and a pair of Aces . 	labels: How did you get that ? No need to show you my hand , I lose.This is not as much fun as the music concert we just saw . 
text: Thanks again for buying the tickets . That was the most exciting live concert I've ever seen . That silver electric guitar was really cool . 	labels: They're quite popular now . Wasn't her voice good ? 
text: That , My Heart Will Go On . It warms my heart . you know , JanetJackson , Shanna Twain and Celine Dion are so very different . 	labels: Janet Jackson is more pop music.Shania sings country music . Celine just seems to hit all the right notes . 
text: Have you heard Maria Carey ? 	labels: Yes , l have two of her Cds , l'II lend them to you if you like . 
text: Excellent . You can borrow my Janet Jackson's CD . It's her new one . 	labels: I hope you have a good stereo . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Because you have to hear it really loud to get the full concert effect . 	episode_done:True
text:hello ! How are you . 	labels: not too well ! I ’ m just to the doctor . I haven ’ t been feeling too well .. over the last few days . 
text: what have you got ? A cough ? A cold ? 	labels: that ’ s the funny thing . I don ’ t what ’ s wrong with me . I just feel exhausted . 
text: perhaps you ’ Ve been working too hard . You do have a high-pressure job . 	labels: maybe . I haven ’ t been able to keep my food down either . That ’ s unusual . 
text: well . I ’ m sure the doctor will be able to prescribe something to make you well again . Dr . Jameson is very good . 	labels: yes , he is . I ’ Ve make an appointment for 10 o ’ clock , so I ’ d better move along . 	episode_done:True
text:during the christmas holidays.	labels:you'd better buy your ticket now.	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite hobby ? 	labels: I'd like reading books best . 
text: What kinds of books do you like to read ? 	labels: Literature and economy . 
text: By the way , would you like to see movies ? 	labels: That's OK . 
text: What do you do in your spare time ? 	labels: I like to play golf , play badminton or crack jokes . 
text: I just like to sleep like a lazy cat . 	labels: That's a bad habit . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , sir ? 	labels: Yes , I want to book a plane ticket from Beijing to Shanghai . 
text: OK . Which day do you want to book ? 	labels: The day after tomorrow . 
text: Which flight do you want ? 	labels: I'd prefer a morning flight . 
text: What about Flight 516 ? 	labels: Book it for me , please . How much should I pay ? 
text: 1 500 yuan . How will you pay for this , sir ? 	labels: Credit card . 
text: OK . Here's your ticket . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:i really wasn't told anything.	labels:she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.	episode_done:True
text:I don't know about you , but I'm famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ? 	labels: That sounds great . I'm absolutely starving ! What kind of food are you in the mood for ? 
text: I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan Hotpot . 	labels: You're a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hotpot . 
text: Sure . If I could , I would eat hotpot every day ! 	labels: Ok , you're really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you ? 
text: Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan Hotpot restaurant for dinner ! 	labels: Let me think about it for a minute . Let's see ... oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! Give me a second and it'll come to me . 
text: Well ... ? Have you thought of it yet ? 	labels: No ... 
text: Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hotpot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there ? 	labels: That's it ! That's the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it ! 	episode_done:True
text:This shirt is really nice . 	labels: You have a very good taste , sir . Would you like to try it on ? 
text: OK . I'll try on a medium size . 	labels: Here you are 
text: Where is the fitting room ? 	labels: It's just around the comer . 
text: It's too big tor me . Do you have a smaller one ? 	labels: Yes . One moment , please . 	episode_done:True
text:What ? I don't get it ... 	labels: Many of the slower dances are danced to the lyrics of tragedies . He meant that you turned it into a comedy . 
text: Well , I'm glad I made everyone happy . 	labels: He meant it in a good way . You added a little spice to the performance . 
text: I'm glad you guys all have such a good sense of humor . Ha-ha ... 	labels: Of course ! That's why I always say , Eat , drink and be Greek ! 	episode_done:True
text:how was the weather?	labels:it was hot and sunny every day.	episode_done:True
text: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	labels: ziplining?	episode_done:True
text:That looks graceful on you . 	labels: Thank you.But it is too bright for me . 
text: How about this brown one ? 	labels: Let me try it on . I like that color . 
text: Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are . 	labels: But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ? 
text: Sorry , it had been sold out . 	labels: What a pity ! 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office . 	labels: Why don ’ t you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy , being outside working during the day ? 
text: What do you suggest ? I can ’ t afford to quit my job until I get a new one . 	labels: Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ? 	labels: I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak . 
text: Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! 	labels: What ’ s wrong ? 
text: I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! 	labels: Maybe it ’ s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ’ t be sure until I see a doctor . 
text: Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult ! 	labels: Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers ? 	labels: Well , Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here . 
text: First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information . 	labels: The position calls for a person with some working experience . We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills . Can you deliver your resume to us first ? 
text: Of course . I will deliver my resume to you in minutes ' time . I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience . 	labels: OK . I will call you soon . Bye now . 	episode_done:True
text:Who was the best teacher that you ever had ? 	labels: That would have to be Miss Baymler , my fourth grade teacher . 
text: What was she like ? 	labels: She was patient , kind , fun , smart , caring , and yet strict , too . I really learned a lot from her . 
text: What kind of things did you learn ? 	labels: She taught us that you can do anything that you want to do . 
text: Anything ? Do you really believe that we can do anything ? 	labels: If you really want to do something and you work hard at it , I believe you can do it . 
text: You said she was strict . Did she have a lot of rules ? 	labels: She had some rules that helped us to feel comfortable . For example , the students had to treat each other with respect , or they would be disciplined . 
text: I see . She sounds like she really cared about her students . 	labels: Yes . She treated us all fairly . She don ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets . 
text: Really ? Doesn ’ t every teacher have a teacher ’ s pet ? 	labels: Well . To be honest , I usually sucked up to teachers because I wanted them to give me good grades . However , Miss Baymler didn ’ t treat me any differently . She really didn ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets . 
text: Do you know what she is doing now ? 	labels: As a matter of fact , I do . After she taught our class , she got married and moved to another city . Then , she started writing children ’ s book . 
text: Have you ever read one of the books ? 	labels: Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books . 
text: Why don ’ t you recommend one to me ? 	labels: ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , how can I be of service ? 	labels: Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me . 
text: The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check . 	labels: What happens now ? 	episode_done:True
text:finally, you put the ball into a hole in the ground.	labels:you do this 18 times, because there are 18 holes.	episode_done:True
text:I need to buy some flowers for my wife . 	labels: Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses . 
text: What would the roses cost me ? 	labels: They're only $ 20 a dozen . 
text: I like the sound of that . 	labels: Yes , that is today's sale price . 
text: A dozen will be fine . 	labels: Is there anything else you'd like to get ? 
text: No , thank you . 	labels: These roses should make your wife very happy . 	episode_done:True
text:I feel pity for the old man . 	labels: I feel the same way . 
text: It must be dreadful to grow old . 	labels: It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed . 	episode_done:True
text: Can I check the apartment for any damages?	labels: Absolutely, let me accompany you.
text: Did the previous tenant maintain the apartment well?	labels: For the most part, yes. A few repairs had to be made.
text: What kind of repairs?	labels: Mostly plumbing repairs, but the exterior of the apartment is immaculate.
text: Whoa, you weren't kidding. This apartment is in mint condition.	labels: I wouldn't worry too much about the plumbing.
text: It's all in working condition?	labels: Yes, I guarantee that is. I hired the best plumber in town to fix the minor problems it had.
text: That's good to hear. I think I've finished checking the apartment.	labels: Don't hesitate to notify me of any concerns that may arise.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like coffee , Ann ? 	labels: Yes , I do . 
text: Do you want a cup ? 	labels: Yes , please . Christin . 
text: Do you want any sugar ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: Do you want any milk ? 	labels: No , thank you . I don't like milk in my coffee . I like black coffee . 
text: Do you like biscuits ? 	labels: Yes , I do . 
text: Do you want one ? 	labels: Yes , please . 	episode_done:True
text:i know he has a good hand, so i don't bet.	labels:he never wins your money?	episode_done:True
text:i'll do that in a minute.	labels:the cat is meowing. he's hungry.	episode_done:True
text:Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! 	labels: You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? 
text: Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! 	labels: Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists . 
text: Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes . 	labels: All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks . 	episode_done:True
text: where did you meet them?	labels: At college, when we were all studying geology.	episode_done:True
text:Look!They're digging right in!	labels:Now they're settling for a nap.	episode_done:True
text:you bought a new car?	labels:yes. i bought a cadillac.	episode_done:True
text:Are you going out again ? 	labels: Yes , I'm going to the cinema , dad . 
text: You mustn't go to bed very late . Can you be home before nine . 	labels: Oh , I won't be back so early . The film will be over at nine . Can I have the key to the bicycle ? 
text: No . I won't let you ride a bicycle late at night . 	labels: Oh , dad , I'm not a child . I'm 17 already . I'll come back as soon as the film is over . 
text: OK . Here's the key . Take care . 	labels: I will . Thank you , dad . 	episode_done:True
text:you don't need a job. i make enough money for both of us.	labels:that doesn't matter. i don't want to sit around.	episode_done:True
text:Would you please show me the necklace in the window ? 	labels: Is this the one you want ? 
text: No , the one next to it . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: Thanks . What kind of stone is this ? 	labels: It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ? 
text: Yes , please . How much is it ? 	labels: It costs $ 200 . 	episode_done:True
text:You keep bowling spares but no strike . 	labels: I don't know why , but I think there's something wrong with my hands . I couldn't seem to be able to control it on the first ball . 
text: I don't think it was the problem with your hands , you did several excellent spares . You have no problem with your hands . 	labels: Then why couldn't I get strike on the first ball ? 
text: The problem is you are too nervous . You want to have a strike so much , so you deliver the ball too hard . And when it comes to the I second roll , there's no pressure . That's why you could bowl all those spares . 	labels: Really ? I will try again . 	episode_done:True
text:You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill . 	labels: I'm sorry . I won't do it again . 
text: Try to be more careful in future . 	labels: I shall . I wasn't as careless as John Sampson . He walked across that wet cement over there . 
text: The workmen oughtn't to leave it without a no tice . 	labels: The headmaster asked them not to do so . 
text: Then why isn't there a notice ? 	labels: They went to their stores to get one . Here they come with it now ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . How may I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to open an account . 
text: Certainly , sir . Would you like to open a time deposit savings account or a checking account ? 	labels: Actually , I'd like to open one of each , if that's possible . 
text: No problem , sir . What sort of time deposit account would you like to open ? 	labels: What are my choices ? 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . My baggage is badly damaged . 	labels: I am sorry to hear that . You have to fill out a claim form . 
text: Where can I get it ? 	labels: Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students ! 	labels: Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester . 
text: That ’ s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ’ s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian , 	labels: That ’ s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and o 
text: Well , I think you ’ re pretty lucky actually . You ’ ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture . 	labels: I guess so , but I think it ’ s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes . 
text: Don ’ t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice . 	labels: I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , the way you drive , Jen ... I still don't think that's a good idea . 	labels: I really love this music . It's a compilation . 
text: I know . It's a mix of all the latest songs . 	labels: And you got them off the Net ? 
text: No . I recorded these from your Cds . 	labels: Well , thanks for asking for my permission ... Now hand it over and let me record ! 	episode_done:True
text:What are you going to do for your year abroad , Tim ? 	labels: Study study study ! I want to learn a lot . 
text: You ’ re going to take courses ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ m going to take some university courses there . 
text: Sounds hard . 	labels: Yes , but I think it ’ s probably for the best . 
text: Won ’ t you get lonely ? 	labels: Hey , I ’ m a pretty cool guy ; I ’ ll make friends . And I ’ ll have a lot of extra-curricular activities too . You know , like fencing or theater or something . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas . 	labels: Welcome to ABC Company . We have been expecting you , please have a seat . I will call him . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Mr . Thomas will be here very soon . In the meantime , may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes ? 
text: Should each of us write separately ? 	labels: Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see . 	episode_done:True
text:Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview . 	labels: Sure . Kind acknowledgments can show one's good attainment . 
text: We often ignore the acknowledgments in our daily life , and consider them as disposable . 	labels: Actually , that's not true . Acknowledgments can help you leave a good impression on others , especially in the public places . 
text: We should particularly pay attention to acknowledgments in the interview . 	labels: In the beginning of the interview , it is best that you make acknowledgments for the opportunity of the interview . 
text: Don't forget to say " Thank you " when you take a seat . 	labels: Make acknowledgments as well when the interviewer thinks highly of your dressing , experience , or words . 
text: You can win a good impression of the interviewer in this way . 	labels: Acknowledgments can also help the job-hunters to show their good attainment . 
text: Finally , at the end of the interview , make acknowledgments to the interviewer again . 	labels: Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments . 	episode_done:True
text: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	labels: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	episode_done:True
text:Hello . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , please . I've been here for nearly two months , but I still haven ’ t found a job . Do you think you can find one for me ? 
text: Don ’ t worry , we ’ ll try to help you . Will you please fill out this form ? 	labels: What ’ s this form for ? 
text: This is for registration . After you have given us your personal details , we'll match these against new jobs as they come in . And we ’ ll contact you when there is a job that suits you . 	labels: That's great . But how long do I have to wait ? 
text: Maybe several weeks , maybe several months . It's hard to tell . 	labels: Oh , dear . How can I wait for such a long time ? 
text: Actually , many jobs are filled by people who select vacancies from the display boards there . 	labels: Then , what do you think I should do ? 
text: My advice is to keep looking for jobs yourself . Check the job boards at the job center regularly and check the newspapers daily . If you have friends or relatives here , ask them for help , too . 	labels: I see . Thank you very much for your advice . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this . 	labels: Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so . 	episode_done:True
text:There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ? 	labels: I'd like to have some more . It's really good . 	episode_done:True
text:So , you know how to drive , right ? 	labels: I'm pretty good . 
text: Do you think you can teach me ? 	labels: Did you get your learner's permit yet ? 
text: I have it already . 	labels: Do you have any experience driving a car ? 
text: I've only done it once . 	labels: Do you know all the controls in the car ? 
text: Yes , I am aware of them . 	labels: When do you want to start learning how to drive ? 
text: Whenever you have time . 	labels: We can do it tomorrow ; just call me . 	episode_done:True
text:This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? 
text: I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? 	labels: Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . 
text: And how many pieces did you have ? 	labels: Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . 
text: Is there a name tag attached to them ? 	labels: Yes , there is . 	episode_done:True
text:we don't even know what kind most of them are.	labels:there are lots of different kinds, but they all have one thing in common.	episode_done:True
text:did he get off the hood?	labels:no, the car stopped and the passenger pushed the injured student off the hood.	episode_done:True
text:Before we begin eating , I'd like to present everyone with a gift from Taiwan . 	labels: What is it ? 
text: It's a Taiwanese puppet doll . 	labels: It's huge ! 
text: Yeah . They're usually this big . 	labels: The craftsmanship is excellent . 
text: All the parts work . 	labels: Thank you so much . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have perfume ? 	labels: Yes , what kind of smell do you like ? 
text: I would like some light smell . 	labels: How about this one ? It's not that concentrated . 
text: Can I smell it ? 	labels: Sure . 	episode_done:True
text:Which fees?	labels:Overdraft fees.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , welcome to the International Business Counter , Sir . What can we do for you today ? 	labels: Hi . I need some help with these documents under L / C . 
text: Of course . Is there a problem with them ? 	labels: Yes . My Manager sent me in , there's a problem with the shipping time . It's been delayed quite significantly and my manager is unwilling to accept it . 
text: You will need to return the documents . That's no problem ; we can deal with that for you now . 	labels: Thank you . I need to get this done as soon as possible ; my manager is tearing his hair out ! 	episode_done:True
text:It's such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping . 	labels: You know I hate shopping more than anything else in this world . 
text: I know . But we could get some exercise in , and we could get some errands run , too . Window-shopping won ’ t cost you anything . 	labels: What kind of errands do we need to run ? 
text: Well , we could go to the newsagent's to pick up the Sunday paper , go to the butcher's to pick up a chicken for a roast dinner , and to the chemist's to pick up your prescription from the doctor . 	labels: I'll only go if we can stop at the office-license to pick up something to drink for tonight . 
text: Fine , we'll do that on the way home , so we don ’ t have to carry it the whole time . 	labels: Sounds good . You have to promise not go into any of the stores in the mall though . I know how you like to try things on in the fitting rooms , especially if the stores have special offers . 
text: I promise . We're only going for a walk to get some exercise and to get some things done that we haven ’ t had time for . 	labels: Ok , let's go then ! 
text: Do you have any money ? 	labels: For what ? 
text: For our errands , and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street . 	labels: You said you were only going to window shop ! 
text: I agreed to not go into the mall , but I can still look at things in the market ! 	labels: I should have known ... 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said . 	labels: I said , " Do you want me to help you ? " 
text: If you're sure you're not in a hurry , I can use a little help . 	labels: OK . Would you like me to get you a cab ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Sandy . Do you want to go to the ETV with us ? 	labels: I'd love to , but I'm broke . Maybe after payday . 	episode_done:True
text:not a lot. what about you?	labels:i'm throwing a party on friday.	episode_done:True
text:are your ready to go to the supermarket ? 	labels: yes , are you ? 
text: I've got my money and my keys , so I'm ready . 	labels: you do know that it's absolutely freezing out , don't you ? I'd put a coat on if I were you . 
text: it wasn't cold out this morning . 	labels: well , it's started raining since then . Look out the window ! It's pouring rain out there ! 
text: well , I guess we'd better grab our umbrellas then , as well . 	labels: have a look outside for me . Does that look like hail to you ? 
text: it does , actually . Maybe we should wait for it to clear up before we go shopping . 	labels: that's a good idea . But maybe we should move the car so that the hail doesn't dent it . 
text: ok . I'll go move the car if you turn the heat on . It's a bit chilly in here . 	labels: how long do you think this hailstorm is supposed to last ? 
text: I don't know . The weatherman didn't say anything about this in his weather report last night . 	labels: maybe we should turn on the news in case it's supposed to get worse . 
text: I don't think we have anything to worry about . Do you want to put on a cup of tea as well ? 	labels: good idea . That will help us to warm up . 
text: if I'm not back in ten minutes , come and find me . 	labels: alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you . 	episode_done:True
text:i think that i might.	labels:good! i just thought i'd let you know.	episode_done:True
text:We have mild wines and strong liquors . Which kind do you prefer ? 	labels: I've no idea . I'd like to listen to your suggestion . 
text: It's my pleasure . Actually , it's really hard to say as individual tastes are different . As for myself , I'd like to recommend gin and tonic . 	labels: Well , I'll try gin and tonic . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to buy one of these refrigerators . Do I have to pay in cash ? 	labels: No , we have an easy-payment plan . One-third down , and the balance in six months . 
text: Fine . Will you work out the details , please ? 	labels: Certainly . Would you sit here please ? I'll call our credit manager . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: It's just a formality , but for hire purchase we usually require references . 
text: What kind of references do you need ? 	labels: Perhaps your employer could supply us with one . 
text: I'm sure he could , but I prefer not to bother him . Would my bank do ? 	labels: Certainly . A simple letter from your bank would be quite satisfactory . 	episode_done:True
text:i want to be a baseball player when i grow up.	labels:me too. i want to play for the yankees.	episode_done:True
text:hopefully it will.	labels:how come?	episode_done:True
text: Hey Carl, what are you doing with all that wood?	labels: Hi Bill. I'm going to make a coffee table for Jill.
text: That's nice! You know how to build things with wood?	labels: Yeah. We just got back from furniture shopping and the price of furniture is expensive.
text: So, you're going to make a coffee table instead of buying one?	labels: That's right. Furniture is too expensive these days.
text: You're lucky you know how to build things.	labels: My dad used to make furniture when he was younger. He taught me a lot.
text: Hey, could you make me something if I pay you?	labels: Sure. What is it?
text: Carol has been asking for a new desk. Can you build a desk?	labels: Yeah. I built a desk for my daughter when she was in college. She still has it.
text: How much would you charge me?	labels: It depends on what kind of desk you want. Show me a picture later.
text: Ok! I'll ask Carol to find a picture.	labels: Maybe I should quit being an accountant and go into furniture making instead.	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Front desk . 	labels: Yes . This is Bob Robinson . I ’ m calling from room number 627 . 
text: Hi , Bob . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Is it possible to change to another room ? 
text: Could you please tell me why ? 	labels: My room is facing the swimming pool . It ’ s noisy for me . I have a problem sleeping . And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator . 
text: So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor . 	labels: You ’ re right . 
text: Okay . Let me check for a room on the first floor . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: I ’ Ve only two rooms on the first floor . How about room 108 ? 	labels: That ’ s fine . Can I move now ? 
text: Sure . I ’ ll send the bellman to help you . 	labels: Oh , thank you kindly . 	episode_done:True
text:did they explain how it's possible?	labels:no. they said there are some things you can't explain.	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , sir ? 	labels: I'd like a table for two , please . 
text: Do you have a reservation , sir ? 	labels: No , I'm afraid not . Can I sit over there ? There's a table free by the window . 
text: Sorry , sir . That table has been reserved . This way , please . How about this one , sir ? 	labels: Fine . I'll sit here . 
text: Would you like some drinks ? 	labels: I'll have a double whiskey on the rocks . 	episode_done:True
text:heard what?	labels:debrah already had her baby.	episode_done:True
text:that sounds great.	labels:we'll go to a french restaurant.	episode_done:True
text:Hi . I need more amenities , please . 	labels: Could you be a little more specific , sir ? 
text: Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . 	labels: I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? 
text: Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . 	labels: So , what's the problem ? 
text: I need souvenirs ! 	labels: You want some souvenirs ! 
text: Yes , yes . Souvenirs . 	labels: But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . 
text: That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value . 	labels: I understand , sir . I'll call housekeeping . You'll have your souvenirs shortly . 	episode_done:True
text:why is that?	labels:i don't feel like going.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Sir , May I have the time , please ? 	labels: Beg your pardon ? 
text: Er ... I'd like to know what time it is now . 	labels: Oh , Let me see ... It's three forty-five . Er ... wait , My watch is five minutes fast . So it should be three forty 
text: Thank you . By the way , what day is today ? 	labels: Today is Friday . Are you new in Beijing ? 
text: Yes , I've just come from the States , yesterday in fact . I'm still a bit confused about the time . 	labels: Welcome to Beijing . This is my business card . I'm an engineer . If you need any help in Beijing , just give me a call . 
text: Oh , that's very nice of you . I don't want to sound pushy , but I still l have one more question . 	labels: Go ahead . 
text: What's the date today ? 	labels: It's October the 1st , our National Day . I'd like to talk some more , but I've got to get going now . It was nice talking to you , though . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to go shopping ? 	labels: Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . 
text: What research ? 	labels: Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ? 
text: But they're just ads . 	labels: Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Sue . 	labels: Good morning , Tom.How are you ? 
text: I'm fine , thanks , how about yourself ? 	labels: Things couldn't be better.Where are you going now ? 
text: I am heading for the library . I've got a research project to do.How about you ? 	labels: I'm going to the English class.It ' ll start in five minutes , I've got to run . 
text: See you later , alligator . 	labels: After a while , crocodile . 	episode_done:True
text:that's it?	labels:i injured my back one time just by sneezing.	episode_done:True
text:Good , morning ! Can I help you ? 	labels: Good morning.Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ? 
text: Yes.There are trains at seven fifty-nine , nine eighteen , ten thirty-two and eleven fifty-five . 	labels: What time does the seven fifty-nine get to London ? 
text: At nine thirty-six.And the nine eighteen gets to London at nine fifty-five , the ten thirty-two at eleven nine . 	labels: What about coming back ? I'd like to come back about 7 p . m . 
text: There's one at nineteen and the next is at nineteen forty . 	labels: Mmm , how much is it ? 
text: Single or return ? 	labels: Return , please . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid that ’ s not my cup of tea . I just find skin-diving attracting . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . Fill it up , please . 
text: Premium or regular ? 	labels: Regular , please . 
text: Anything else , sir ? Should I check the water and the oil ? 	labels: Yes , please . 	episode_done:True
text:What is he like?	labels:He's very friendly and really intelligent.	episode_done:True
text: I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!	labels: I'm jealous, take me with you!! I would love to have some warm weather right now	episode_done:True
text:Tina Li , Financial Planner , how may I be of service ? 	labels: Hello , Tina . An acquaintance of mine has just told me that your bank has started a new Personal Wealth Management Service . Is that right ? 
text: It certainly is . You can do almost anything with it , anytime , anywhere . 	labels: How would I go about applying for this service ? 
text: All you need to do is sign up at any one of our branches and you can use the service right away . 	labels: That's so simple . I'll come by my local branch later this afternoon and get it set up . Thank you very much , Tina . 	episode_done:True
text:I was inquiring about a bill that I never got . 	labels: Which credit card was the bill for ? 
text: The bill was for my Master Card . 	labels: That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago . 
text: It never came in the mail . 	labels: My computer shows that it has already been mailed . 
text: I have not gotten my bill , so what should I do about that ? 	labels: You should try contacting your post office . 
text: If it is the post office's fault , may I have an extension on my bill ? 	labels: You'll have to prove it was their error ; then you can get an extension . 
text: Thank you for all your help . 	labels: You are very welcome . Have a good day . 	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you today , Sir ? 	labels: I set up the Personal Wealth Management Service with you , but I'm going to be travelling overseas . I'm not quite sure what I should do . I mean is it possible to still use the service ? 
text: That's not a problem . You can use that service wherever you are , it doesn't matter which country you are in at the time . 	labels: Really ? In that case , could I have the number of the Service Centre please ? 
text: Of course . It's 33234 . That will put you in touch with a Personal Banker . 	labels: And they can deal with everything ? 
text: That's the beauty of the service ; they can deal with everything , with total security . 	labels: That's good to know . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ? 	labels: I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning 
text: Does that mean studying all the time ? 	labels: I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors . 
text: Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer . 	labels: You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts 
text: Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active . 	labels: Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things . 
text: You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French . 	labels: Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France . 	episode_done:True
text:This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall , right ? 	labels: Yeah , it'll take us there . 
text: Are you positive ? 	labels: I always catch this bus . 
text: How long is this bus ride ? 	labels: It only takes about half an hour . 
text: Where do we get off at ? 	labels: We can get off the bus right behind Macy's . 
text: There's a stop right next to the mall ? 	labels: Yeah , it's right in the parking lot . 
text: That's cool . 	labels: Yeah , I know . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you think they could be ended ? 	labels: I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . 
text: So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them . 	labels: It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries . 	episode_done:True
text:It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend . 	labels: What's the weather going to be like ? I may want to go too . 
text: The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm . 	labels: Will it be good beach weather ? 
text: I think it will be . 	labels: It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend . 
text: I want this trip to be perfect , I hope it stays warm . 	labels: This California weather is so uncertain , it's impossible to know what'll happen . 
text: I know . Every day the weather seems different . 	labels: I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable . 
text: That would make it easier for us to make plans . 	labels: I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't know anyone who likes it.	labels:some of it is okay, i guess.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? 	labels: Let me see . Here it is . 
text: Could you tell me how to get there ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid I can ’ t because I ’ m a stranger here . 
text: Oh , thanks all the same . 	labels: Not at all . You can ask the policeman over there . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , we didn't ask for this room service maybe someone else ask it , I ’ m sure . 	labels: Oh , is it ? Let me check . 
text: Yes , please . 	labels: I'm sorry to say this room charge is yours . 
text: We paid for the room service already in our room . 	labels: Do you have any evidences ? 	episode_done:True
text: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	labels: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	episode_done:True
text:The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot . 	labels: I'm sorry for hero . 
text: I don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts . 	labels: Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, it's beautiful.	labels:it's perfect for us and the kids.	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , Do you have a reservation ? 	labels: Yes . The reservation under Mr . Watson . 
text: Ah , yes , a table for four at 8 	labels: Em , no , thanks . I think we'll go straight to the table , By the way . may I check my overcoat here ? 
text: Certainly , sir . We'll keep it in the cloakroom for you . Here is your number . When you leave , show it to the waiter behind the counter , please . 	labels: Thank you . Could you show us to our table now ? 
text: Would you please follow me , please ? 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Nurse , I am sure to die soon . They just don't tell me the truth , I know . 	labels: But I don't think so . No one has ever said a word that you are to die , only yourself . That means you are not willing to die , right ? Actually , you are recovering and what you imagine as your worry is slowing down the treatment . Many cases worse than yours turned out to be hopeful and successful . You must be confident . Your condition is much better physically , but a little bi difficult mentally . The most important thing for you now is cooperation with us . 
text: Is what you said really true ? 	labels: Of course . I am a nurse and a nurse tells the truth . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't know any card games.	labels:i'll teach you one.	episode_done:True
text:I'm calling about you appointment.Mr.Smith has to cancel all his appointments because he's got something urgent to attend to . 	labels: When can I go to see him ? 
text: Anytime except today.Please give him a call before you come . 	labels: OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , John . How are you ? 	labels: I'm fine , thanks . And you ? 
text: Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately ? 	labels: Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you ? 
text: Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately . 	labels: What have you been doing ? 
text: I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month . 	labels: Really ? Good luck for them . 
text: Thanks . And how are your parents ? 	labels: They're both very well , thanks . 
text: Where are you going now ? 	labels: I'm going to do some shopping . Why don't you come with me ? 
text: I can't . I have to meet someone . 	labels: It's been nice talking to you . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like ice skating ? 	labels: I have never tried it . 
text: Then you've got to try it . Let's go to the skating rink on Thursday . 	labels: Sorry , I don't think I can . 
text: Friday then . How about it ? 	labels: Friday is great . 	episode_done:True
text:Could I get some beef ? 	labels: What kind of beef would you like to get ? 
text: Ground beef would be fine . 	labels: How many pounds would you like ? 
text: Four pounds is enough . 	labels: What kind of ground beef do you want ? 
text: I'm going to need extra lean ground beef . 	labels: I can get that for you . 
text: Thanks so much . 	labels: You're welcome , Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you . 	episode_done:True
text:I have a sweet tooth . I can not help but think about having something sweet between meals . 	labels: A new candy shop just opened around the corner last week . They have a variety of candies and it is always full of people . 
text: That sounds really attractive . Let's go to that candy shop now . 	labels: Are you serious ? It is always crowded with many people . 
text: why not ? I would like to buy some candies . Since there are so many people , I think they must have delicious candy . 	labels: Look at the candy bar over there . It is so colorful and tasty . 
text: They have lollypops , chocolate drops , fruit candy , mints , pearbrittles and toffee . They are in different colors and flavors . 	labels: I want to get a big bag and buy a little of everything . 
text: Me too . I finally understand why a small shop like this can always befilmed with dozens of people . 	labels: To be honest , I care only about whether I can have some delicious candy eat . I couldn't care less about whether the shop is popular or not . 
text: You are a candy terminator . Be careful or you'll get a lot of cavities . 	labels: That is true . Speaking of cavities , I am starting to feel something is wrong with my teeth now . Let's get more strawberry chocolate drops before we go home . 	episode_done:True
text:How would you describe your ideal job ? 	labels: I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained , and offer me opportunity for advancement . 
text: Why do you think you might like to work for our company ? 	labels: I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested.What ' s more , your company is outstanding in this field . 
text: What makes you think you would be a success in this position ? 	labels: My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job . I am sure I will be successful . 
text: How do you know about this company ? 	labels: Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company . 	episode_done:True
text: staying at home is always nice during the holidays	labels: Where are you based out of these days?	episode_done:True
text:who are you writing a letter to ? 	labels: I'm just responding to Sue's letter . Do you want to help ? 
text: OK . I guess I could add something . Tell them that I send my love . 	labels: that's kind of boring . Don't you want to tell them anything else ? 
text: well , maybe you could tell them about my promotion . 	labels: you've been promoted ? when did that happen ? 
text: just today . I guess I forgot to mention it . 	labels: congratulations ! That's really exciting ! Let's get out a bottle of wine to celebrate ! 
text: shouldn't we finish writing this letter first ? 	labels: ah . That can wait . Your promotion is the best news I've heard in a long time ! 
text: it is good news , but it looked like you were almost finished . We might as well just sign off . 	labels: ok , you're right . I'll just tell them how round I am of you for getting a promotion and then I'll thank Sue for her kind letter . 
text: I guess you can write that I'm looking forward to seeing them in June . 	labels: that's thoughtful of you . 
text: and also thank them from the bottom of my heart for the Christmas package they sent us . 	labels: that's right ! I almost forgot about that . 
text: what would you do without me ? 	labels: we do balance each other out well . I guess we were really made for each other ! 	episode_done:True
text:how much do we need to save?	labels:we need to save enough for a down payment.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like it?	labels:It's great	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Please come into my office . 	labels: Good morning . Thank you . 
text: I see that you have some impressive writing experience . 	labels: Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I'm also in the process of writing my first novel . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM ’ s China Head quarters . 	labels: That ’ s true . I got the news yesterday . 
text: You did a good job for the company . So , this is your first day in the new position . How do you feel ? 	labels: Not bad . I ’ m confident . And I like challenges . 
text: I believe you are cut out for this position . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me plan the office party ? 	labels: Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? 
text: I need help with food . 	labels: OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? 
text: I think it should be casual . 	labels: I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? 
text: I would prefer Chinese food for this party . 	labels: Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ? 
text: I think we should hire a live band . 	labels: OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday . 	episode_done:True
text:Yes , sir ? 	labels: Could we have the bill , please ? 
text: That's 68 pounds altogether , please . 	labels: That's alright . Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:these are called all star chuck taylors.	labels:i really like those. how much did they cost?	episode_done:True
text:That'll be $14.95.	labels:Here you are. Keep the change!	episode_done:True
text:Staying out all night , you frightened me to death . 	labels: I stayed with my friends . 
text: You should at least give me a call . 	labels: I'm sorry , Mum . 	episode_done:True
text:but he dives to relax.	labels:he might relax, but it makes me nervous.	episode_done:True
text:John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill . Do we have anyone on stand-by ? 	labels: I'm afraid not , we're very short-staffed at the moment . Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime ? Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you still at that work ? 	labels: Yes , I'm still working there . But I really find my job boring . I'd like to change my job . 
text: What sort of job do you have in mind ? 	labels: I think I'm quite fit for a driver . 
text: But it's very tired . 	labels: I don't care . 
text: What's your parents ' opinion ? 	labels: I haven't told them . Maybe I'll make them know after the vacation . 	episode_done:True
text:I want to take Shield on a date but I don't have much money . 	labels: What does she like to do ? 
text: She likes to golf , dance , and eat foreign food . 	labels: Hmm . Sounds like she has pretty pricey tastes . 
text: Well , I really like being with her . 	labels: Have you thought about going Dutch ? 
text: Dutch , where's that ? 	labels: Not where , what . Dutch means you both pay your own way . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard that ben is forming his own band . 	labels: It will be a rock and roll band probably . He ’ s a very good guitarist . 
text: Can you play a musical instrument ? If you can , he might ask you to join the band . 	labels: I can play drums , but I haven ’ t played for a while . I ’ m not sure I ’ d be good enough to play in a band . 
text: I wish I could play a musical instrument . I love music . 	labels: Nowadays , you can be a DJ . You can mix dance music . You don't need to be able to play music instrument or thing . 
text: I love to try it , but the instrument is expensive and it was still need to take a lot of practice . 	labels: You know , you could probably get a computer program that would help you . You already have a computer , so you could use that to help you mix some music . 	episode_done:True
text:This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ s happening ? 	labels: Yeah , yeah , we ’ re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ’ re there to show the government that we don ’ t like the way that they ’ re spending our tax dollars ! 
text: Sir but what exactly is making everyone so angry ? 	labels: It ’ s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt . 
text: I see . But , many supporters of the bailout argue that it could help save the jobs of millions of hardworking Americans . 	labels: That maybe true , and I for one don ’ t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ’ re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ’ re asking for money ! That is just not right ! 	episode_done:True
text:I'm glad we took the train . I don't like to ride in buses . 	labels: Yes , I agree . We can see the scenery better . In a bus , all you see are the roads . 
text: Even in Taiwan , I always liked to take the train . It is more comfortable . 	labels: I agree . Buses bounce too much . After two or three hours , you feel too tired . 
text: Look at that village ! 	labels: Beautiful . 
text: Do you think I can take a picture through this window ? 	labels: I don't know if it will turn out good.The window might cause the picture to be blurry . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you plan to do on Sunday morning ? 	labels: Nothing special . 
text: How about going to English corner with me ? 	labels: Oh , I'd rather not . 
text: Why not ? 	labels: You know , I am poor at English , especially spoken English . 	episode_done:True
text:what are you standing on?	labels:a couple of dictionaries and some textbooks.	episode_done:True
text:... I knew it . I always knew you were a lesbian ! 	labels: She's my roommate , not my date . The D-man , as in dork . 
text: Haha . Still got that great sense of humor , I see . Here's my card . I sell used cars . A car from us is a car you can trust ! 	labels: Alrighty then . Didn't you use to date Sheryl ? 
text: Sweet little lassie . Yep , broke her heart when the D-man told her he couldn't be a one-woman guy . 	labels: Oh ? I heard she dumped you . Anyway , she's right over there . Oh , Sheryl ! 	episode_done:True
text:Could you tell me your education background ? 	labels: Sure . Where shall I begin ? 
text: Where did you go to university ? 	labels: I went to the university of Ohio , in America . 
text: What degree did you get ? 	labels: I got a bachelor ’ s degree . 
text: What was your major ? 	labels: I majored in English and minored in Chinese . 
text: What was you G . P . A ? 	labels: I graduated with honors ; I had a 3.9 . 
text: Do you plan to pursue further education ? 	labels: Yes . I ’ d like to obtain a master ’ s degree in international relations . 
text: When do you think you will do that ? 	labels: After I have 3-4 years of work experience . 	episode_done:True
text:Has someone already helped you ? 	labels: No , not yet . I'd like to buy a teapot . 
text: Which do you like best ? 	labels: That colored one is very beautiful . It may suit my furniture . How much do you ask for it ? 
text: 360 yuan . 	labels: Show it to me , Please . Can you get me another ? It's scratched a little bit here . 
text: Sorry , sir . This is the last one we have in stock . 	labels: I do like it . Can you come down a bit ? 
text: I can give you a 10 % discount . 	labels: That's still too much . Can you lower the price further ? 
text: I'm afraid that's the best we can do . 	labels: If so , I'd better try another store . 	episode_done:True
text:How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ? 	labels: We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ? 
text: Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ? 	labels: No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room . 	episode_done:True
text:oh, yeah. he's changing it to a basketball court.	labels:who's paying for that?	episode_done:True
text:I was really glad to hear about your promotion . Congratulations ! 	labels: Thanks , Jane . I was really surprised . I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there . 
text: Sure , but the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it ! 	labels: Thanks a lot . 
text: You are always responsible and careful . 	labels: Jane , I appreciate it very much . I expect to see you get nominated pretty soon , too . You've been doing some great work ! 
text: Thank you . I'll try my best . By the way , when do you take over the new position ? 	labels: Next month . 
text: So what are you responsible for ? 	labels: I'm going to manage the whole accounts department . 
text: So you must get higher pay than before . 	labels: Yes , the company will also give me a prize of 1,000 Yuan . 
text: 1,000 Yuan ? That's great ! So ... 	labels: OK , I know what you mean . It's my treat . 
text: Really ? Can I order anything I want ? 	labels: Of course . Let's go . 	episode_done:True
text:Miss , where do you want to go ? 	labels: Could you drop me off at the airport ? 
text: No problem . 	labels: Do I need to pay any extra change for my suitcases ? 
text: Yes , you are changed 50 cents a piece . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:How may I help you?	labels:Could you cancel a check for me?	episode_done:True
text:why? we're already late.	labels:i have to check the stove.	episode_done:True
text:You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout . 	labels: I ’ m not crazy about it at all . 
text: You don ’ t like this sort of exercise ? 	labels: I ’ m not interested in it . Are you keen on it ? 
text: Yes , that ’ s funny . I thought you liked it . 	labels: I hate it . 
text: Never mind . It ’ ll be over in 10 minutes . 	labels: It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you studying here ? 	labels: Yes , I am studying in Eastern Asian language department . 
text: What are you majoring in ? 	labels: I major in Japanese . 
text: What do you think of the literature course ? 	labels: It's very helpful . The course has let me into a new world of literature . I read so many great literatures . 	episode_done:True
text:which one?	labels:any one. i need to sharpen this pencil.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland . 	labels: Thank you , Rick ! As you can see , ladies and gentleman , we are here in beautiful Pebble Beach where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars ! 
text: Whoa , that ’ s a lot of cash ! Let ’ s go to the course and see how Tiger Woods is doing . 	labels: All right , we are here at the eighth hole . It ’ s a par four , and has some very difficult hazards which many golfers find difficult to avoid . Although , I did see Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on this very same hole ! 
text: Tiger Woods is about to tee off , and let ’ s see if he has the same luck as Jack . Tiger is asking his caddie for his driver and , he seems to be very nervous . 	labels: Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot . 
text: It seems that his ball has flown somewhere deep in the trees . He is having a hard time finding it and even his caddie has climbed a tree to try and spot it . 	labels: Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control ! 	episode_done:True
text:Wow , what a cool car ! The styling of this car really appeals to me . 	labels: Yes , this is a very popular car . 
text: I want to buy it . How much does this car cost ? 	labels: The car is beautiful , isn't it ? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price . 
text: You can tell me here . I just want to know the price . 	labels: 50000 yuan ' What a deal ! That will , of course , include tax , licence , and registration fee . 
text: I appreciate your help , but I think I'll look around a bit . 	labels: Then what price would be fair to you ? 
text: I think that 30000 yuan would be fair for this car . 	labels: I can see that you are a smart buyer . Forty thousand is my best price . 
text: Can't you make it cheaper ? I still can't afford the car . 	labels: 38000yuan is my final offer . 	episode_done:True
text:What department did you study in ? 	labels: I was in the Law School in Harvard University . 
text: Why do you choose the Law School ? 	labels: I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard . 	episode_done:True
text: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	labels: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	episode_done:True
text:Did you get your bus pass ? 	labels: I haven't gone to get it yet . 
text: Why haven't you got it ? 	labels: I don't know where to go to get one . 
text: I know where to get them from . 	labels: Where do I get it ? 
text: They sell them at the business office on campus . 	labels: I had no idea . 
text: I'm sure you didn't . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Don't mention it . 	labels: I'll buy it later on today . 	episode_done:True
text:How's your new work , Carl ? 	labels: A tough job . They even offer in-service training every Wednesday afternoon . 
text: Good for you . 	labels: I don't like it . I am not used to this kind of 9 to 5 work hours . Above all , I hate talking to those poker faces everyday . 
text: Well , you have to take the bad with the good . 	labels: I guess so . I am badly off and I need this job . 	episode_done:True
text:how have you been?	labels:I am fine.	episode_done:True
text:where do you want to go?	labels:let me think a minute.	episode_done:True
text:then why are some schools telling the kids to stay home?	labels:the government says to wash our hands frequently, and we'll all be okay.	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the most important things to do when running a business ? 	labels: Well , there are several things . Of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high . 
text: So , do you think workers should be paid as little as possible ? 	labels: No . if you do that , the workers won ’ t like their jobs . They will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover . Those things will increase you costs . 
text: How can a business maximise revenues ? 	labels: You need to invest in some good advertising . You have to know where your potential customers are and target them . It ’ s no good trying to sell computer games to older people . The market is too small . 
text: What else do you suggest ? 	labels: Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . Th 	episode_done:True
text:May I see your passport ? 	labels: Here it is . 
text: How long are you going to stay ? 	labels: For one week . 
text: What is the purpose for your visit ? 	labels: For sightseeing . 
text: Where are you going to stay ? 	labels: At the Hilton hotel . 
text: Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: No , nothing . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m interested in all kinds of your products , but this time I would like to order some fireworks and mosquito coil incense . Please quote us C . I . F . Rangoon . 	labels: Please let us know the quantity required so that we can work out the premium and freight charges . 
text: I ’ m going to place a trial order for 1,000 units of a dozen fireworks and 500 cartons of mosquito coil incense . 	labels: All right . Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices are subject to our final confirmation . 
text: Your price is reasonable but I wonder if you would give us a discount . You know for the products like yours we usually get 2 % or 3 % discount from European suppliers . 	labels: We usually offer on a net basis only . Many of our clients have been doing very well on this quoted price . 
text: Discounts will more or less encourage us to make every effort to push sales of your products . 	labels: The quantity you ordered is much smaller than those of others . If you can manage to boost it a bit , we ’ ll consider giving you a better discount . 
text: As far as a trial order is concerned , the quantity is by no means small . And generally speaking , we like to profit from a trial order . I hope you ’ ll be able to meet our requirements . 	labels: Well , as this is the first deal between us , we agree to give you an one-percent discount as a special encouragement . 
text: 1 % ? That ’ s too low a rate . Could you see your way to increase it to 2 % ? . 	labels: I ’ m afraid we have really made a great concession , and could not go any further . 
text: It seems this is the only proposal for me to accept . I ’ ll come again tomorrow to discuss it in detail . 	labels: All right . See you tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ? 	labels: Yes . We just had a basketball match with Class Two . 
text: Who won ? 	labels: They did . 
text: What was the score ? 	labels: Seventy to sixty-seven . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s go to WAngFuJing by bus . 	labels: Better take the subway . It ’ s faster and more convenient . 
text: Okay . It will be a new experience for me . 	labels: We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . we can get almost anywhere rather quickly on the subway . Especially at this time of a day when the traffic is heavy . 
text: where do we pay the fare ? 	labels: Just give the man standing there three yuan and he'll give you a token . Then you slip it into slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in . 
text: Let me pay for it . 	labels: Where can I get the subway Madam ? 
text: Ask the worker who sells token to give you one . It ’ s free of charge . Actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations . 	labels: Do I have to pay additional fare to change train ? 	episode_done:True
text:  We need to have a talk.	labels:  Is there a problem?
text:  I feel like I do all of the cleaning.  I clean up your mess too.	labels:  I'm sorry.  I promise to keep the apartment clean.
text:  Why don't we divide the housework?	labels:  Ok.  How do you want to divide it?
text:  We will clean up our own messes.  Then, we will take turns cleaning the common areas.	labels:  What are the common areas?
text:  Places that we use together, like the bathroom, kitchen, and living room.	labels:  That sounds fair.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , where am I on this map ? 	labels: You're right here , bus station , we are in the center of the city . 
text: Which bus should I take to railway station ? 	labels: You can take a No . 2 bus here . 
text: Where am I supposed to change ? 	labels: At Longing Street . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the new mayor ? 	labels: No comment . 	episode_done:True
text:Did it cost a lot?	labels:Things are usually overpriced there.	episode_done:True
text:Who's your favorite singer ? 	labels: Coco Lee . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , sir ? 	labels: I would like to have a pair of trousers made to measure . 
text: OK , may I take your size ? 	labels: Besides , don't make it too loose . 	episode_done:True
text:Now , you are to board the plane.We ' re sorry that we haven't done much to help you when you stayed in China . 	labels: I appreciate what you have done for me.Everything I have seen here has left a deep impression on me . I really don't know how to express my thanks to you . 
text: We are ready to help you . 	labels: Will you be kind to say " Thank you " to Mr.Zhang and other friends for me ? 
text: I'd like to . I'm sure your visit will help to promote the friendship and understanding between both of us.Welcome to China again . 	labels: Of course , I will.Well , it's time for me to say goodbye.The plane will take off soon.Hope some day you will come to America for a visit . 
text: Thank you . I will if I have chance.Goodbye and happy landing ! 	labels: Goodbye ! 	episode_done:True
text: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	labels: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to reserve a table for two , please . 	labels: For what time , sir ? 
text: Around 8: 30 p . m . 	labels: May I have your name please , sir ? 
text: Yes , Anthony Fox . 	labels: Mr . Fox , we'll hold the table for you for ten minutes . Please be sure to arrive before 8: 40 . 	episode_done:True
text:I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ? 	labels: It's simple . You can use call transfer . 
text: Is it so simple ? 	labels: Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls . 
text: It's true . 	labels: Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call . 
text: That's all ? 	labels: In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved . 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , you look pale . What happened ? 	labels: I didn't sleep a wink last night . 
text: Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned ! Maybe I can help you . 	labels: Well , I'm under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me two projects . Now the deadlines are near and I still haven't finish one of them . 
text: Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to so that I can relieve my stress . 	episode_done:True
text:but i'm listening to it.	labels:well, listen to it more quietly.	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of our price ? 	labels: Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? 
text: Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . 	labels: I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . 
text: I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . 	labels: I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . 
text: I ’ m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . 	labels: Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? 
text: We've already cut down our price to cost level . 	labels: Is that all ? 
text: Yes , this is the best we can do . 	labels: I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear what's going on downtown today ? All the orders from the factory are staging a demonstration in the streets . Not one of the two thousand employees showed up for work today , and they have gathered outside the city hall to demand better working conditions for all factory employees . 	labels: Wow , sounds chaotic ... two thousand people in the streets carrying picket signs and shouting slogans . What gave them the motivation to finally organize and call management on the substandard working conditions ? 
text: I think they gained courage after the mayor's speech last week on equality and opportunity for all town citizens . Anyway , the sentiments have been brewing for quite some time . I mean , we all know the working conditions at the factory are quite horrendous . 	labels: So what kind of demands do they have ? What are they asking for specifically ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , Mr . Frank . Bourbon on the rocks ? 	labels: No . This time I'll try Chinese wine . 
text: What about Mao Tai , one of the most famous liquors in China ? It's good indeed . It never goes to the head . 	labels: Do people here drink a lot of liquors ? 
text: Some do , some don't . Many people in the North are fond of liquors . I think it has something to do with the climate . 	labels: Yes , it has . Some Mexicans are crazy . They drink a lot of liquors even on hot days . Have you ever heard of " Tequila Sauta " ? 
text: Yes , it's a very well-known kind of spirits in Mexico . People drink it with salt and lemon . 	labels: Right . It's very strong , just like alcohol . ( Frank sips Mao Tai . ) 
text: Yes , besides Mao Tai , we have Wu Liang Ye , Fen Jim and so on . 	labels: They say that Showing wine tastes quite good . What's it ? 
text: It's rice wine , a kind of still wine , somewhat like Japanese Sake . Showing is a city in China . 	labels: I see . 
text: By the way , we also have some good red wine and white wine , such as Great Wall White Wine . 	labels: Thank you for telling me so much , I'll try them next time . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you please wait this letter to see with the postages ? 	labels: Do you want to sent this letter by ordinary or registered mail ? 
text: By ordinary airmail please . 	labels: Anything valuable in it ? 
text: A post order for four hundred dollars . 	labels: In that case , you ’ d better have it registered . 
text: Will I be informed that my friend gets the letter ? 	labels: Yes . When your friend gets it , he ’ ll sent the receipt which you send it by mail . then you can be sure he ’ s received . 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to eat , sir ? 	labels: Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea . 
text: Would you care for some lemon for your tea ? 	labels: No , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Shall we go to a movie tonight ? 	labels: That's a good idea.What ' s on ? 
text: Gone with the Wind . 	labels: What's it about ? 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market ? 	labels: I haven't shopped there . How is the food ? 
text: The food there is wonderful . 	labels: I go to Sons for my groceries . 
text: I prefer the food at Whole Foods . 	labels: Is there something wrong with Sons ? 
text: Sons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods . 	labels: Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods ? 
text: Yes , that's the place to go to get healthier food . 	labels: Maybe I'll try that store out . 
text: If you like Sons , then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods . 	labels: You're making me a believer . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you do ? 	labels: I'm a teacher . 	episode_done:True
text:hi , Isaiah . How are you ? 	labels: I ’ m well . And you ? 
text: fine . How ’ s your job going ? 	labels: I don ’ t know if I told you or not , but I decided to start my own business . 
text: really ? That ’ s fantastic . What kind of business is it ? 	labels: I ’ Ve started an investment banking firm with some of my old colleagues from Goldman Sachs . 
text: how ’ s it going ? 	labels: it started off a bit slow , but now , business is really booming ! 
text: that ’ s such great news . I ’ m really happy for you ! Where is your office located ? 	labels: our headoffice is here in Beijing , but we ’ re planning on opening up two more offices soon . 
text: where will those be located ? 	labels: if all goes well , we ’ ll open one up in Hong Kong in April and another one in Singapore in October . 
text: when will you find out ? 	labels: we ’ re negotiating the final details of the leasing contracts tomorrow . 
text: well , good luck . I hope it all goes well for you tomorrow ! 	labels: thanks ! 	episode_done:True
text:do you know why?	labels:i think it's the ice cream.	episode_done:True
text:why is that?	labels:because i watch the other players.	episode_done:True
text:Tomorrow will be my first day at work , what do you think I should be wearing ? 	labels: Well , if you want to look professional , serious and more conservative , a blue dress , white shirt and not-too-high shoes would be the best choice . But sometimes , very formal clothes will keep you at a distance from your colleagues . It depends on the company ’ s dress code . 
text: Indeed , I found most of the employees dress casually when I went to the interview . Only the manager was in suit and tie and he just came back from a ceremony . It seems that their dress code is not that formal . Probably , I should put on car key and simple shirt . 	labels: Whatever you choose , make sure they are neat and clean . 	episode_done:True
text:Why weren't you at school yesterday ? 	labels: I wasn't feeling really well . 
text: What was wrong with you ? 	labels: My stomach was upset . 
text: Do you feel better now ? 	labels: I don't really feel too well yet . 
text: Do you want anything to make you feel better ? 	labels: No , thanks . I already took some medicine . 
text: I hope you feel better . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . 	labels: It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . 
text: Yes , I need to refill it today . 	labels: Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . 
text: I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . 	labels: Well , it looks like you have.You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . 
text: Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out.Can you just refill it once more ? 	labels: I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription.And this prescription has run out . 
text: But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . 	labels: Miss , I understand your problem.But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription.It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it.We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . 
text: But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . 	labels: A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law.You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . 
text: Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor.It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . 	labels: Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens.But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry . 
text: This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it . 	labels: Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too . 	episode_done:True
text:Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? 	labels: Honey , I have a lot of work to do . 
text: So you can't go with us , right ? 	labels: No . 
text: Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . 	labels: What park do you want to go to ? 
text: Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . 	labels: Haven't we been these places already ? 
text: Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . 	labels: What about the Olympic park ? 
text: Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ? 	labels: The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you know who that tall man is ? 	labels: He's a member of the National Basketball Association . 
text: Do you know where he comes from ? 	labels: Some people say he's from New York . 	episode_done:True
text:look at the car chase on tv!	labels:that driver is crazy.	episode_done:True
text:What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Is that your wedding ring ? 	labels: I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . 
text: Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? 	labels: In June . 
text: Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? 	labels: Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . 
text: You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . 	labels: Thank you so much . 
text: What kind of watch is it ? 	labels: It's a Tag Heer . 
text: If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? 	labels: This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 . 
text: That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for . 	labels: Yeah . I would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , Mr.Stein . I wonder if you are free tomorrow evening ? 	labels: I'm not sure , but let me check my schedule ... Ah , no . I have nothing then . 
text: Great ! Our president has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Beijing Hotel at 7:00 . Here's an invitation card for you . 	labels: How nice of him ! I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ? 
text: I'll be here to pick you up at 6:30 . 	labels: That's good . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Wood . 	episode_done:True
text:How I wish my son Mark could be as excellent as your Joe ! 	labels: Don ’ t be too humble . Few young men could be equal to Mark . And in some respects Joe and Mark are neck and neck . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . How can I help you ? 	labels: Good afternoon . My name is Monica . I am here for the job interview at 2 PM . 
text: Ok , please first fill in the form and return it to me . You can do it in the next door . 	labels: Done . Here is my paper . 
text: Everybody attention . I would like to make sure you all know the process . The interview consists of three parts . One , all of the interviewees will answer the questionnaire and it lasts for maximum one hour . Two , we will take a 30 - minute ’ s break . After the break , we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round . In which , you have a small interview with your future manager . 	labels: What about the 3rd round ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey ! Are you getting dressed ? 	labels: Yes , I am . 
text: Why ? What time is it ? 	labels: It's a quarter to eight . I'm going to work . 
text: But it's Saturday ! ! 	labels: I'm working on Saturday mornings this month.Are you getting up ? 
text: No , I'm not . I'm staying in bed . 	labels: OK . See you at noon . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you help me with these books ? 	labels: My hands are full . Can ’ t you see that ? 
text: Please , George . 	labels: All right . Just wait a minute , OK ? 	episode_done:True
text:Here we are , Joan . This is the Palace museum , also known as the Forbidden city . 	labels: Oh , how splendid ! Can you take a picture of me here ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! Wang Mei.Come and have a look at my new dress . 	labels: Oh ! What a beautiful dress ! It fits you so well.You look so charming in the dress . 
text: Thank you for saying so . 	labels: Where did you buy it ? 
text: I bought it in a store near my school . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: It's only thirty yuan . 	labels: It's so cheap . I'll buy one , too . 	episode_done:True
text:Solomon , I thought we had agreed to change this deadline . 	labels: I wanted to talk to you about that , Mr . Eng . Mr . Emory would prefer to keep the deadline as is . We can start earlier if you ’ d like . 
text: I ’ ll have to think about that , Ms . Solomon . 	labels: Certainly , sir . We can wait another day or two . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing?	labels:I'm filling out my college application.	episode_done:True
text:Where is the bus ? 	labels: I think it's running late . 
text: It should've been here 30 minutes ago . 	labels: It should be coming soon . 
text: It better , because I'm already late for work . 	labels: I can't stand riding the bus . 
text: Me too , it's so unreliable . 	labels: That is true . 
text: It's also horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather . 	labels: Exactly.That ' s the worst part . 
text: I think it's time we started driving . 	labels: Yes , I agree . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to find the cereal aisle . 	labels: The cereal is over by the breakfast foods . 
text: Where is that at ? 	labels: It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars . 
text: I think I can find that . 	labels: Did you need help finding anything else ? 
text: Actually , I do need to find the dishwashing detergent . 	labels: That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper . 
text: I thought it was over there . 	labels: Yeah , you'll find it there . 	episode_done:True
text:if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.	labels:that's what many people believe.	episode_done:True
text:Oh . Henry . I haven't seen you in ages . Come in . Let me take your coat . How are you getting along ? 	labels: Very well , thank you . 
text: Please take a seat . Everything will be ready in a minute . 	labels: Here you go . We have your cocktail and there're salad . fried chicken , French fries and vanilla ice cream for dessert . Eat the chicken while it's hot . It tastes better . 
text: Wow ! You're right . Everything is absolutely delicious . Please pass the pepper . 	labels: Here you are . Taste the French fries . 
text: They're soft . 	labels: Would you like some more ? 
text: No more . Thank you . 	labels: Here's to our friendship and health ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the way to library ? 	labels: Sure , turn left at the next crossing . 
text: Is it on Xinhua street ? 	labels: Yes . You can't miss it . 	episode_done:True
text:Johnny , I want to thank you . 	labels: What do you mean , Mom ? For breaking your best china ? 
text: Oh , Johnny , that stuff was dollar store junk . No , I want to thank you for keeping Grandma busy . 	labels: Well , it's more like she kept me busy ... 
text: I know , and normally she's trying to tell me how to clean my house . So , thank you . 	labels: Am I back in your good books ? 	episode_done:True
text: yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited	labels: that's awesome! I never been!	episode_done:True
text: So, do you do treasure hunting often?	labels: I did more when I was in grad school (and had more time). I would usually go with friends. For a while I would go to the farmers market in Santa Cruz every week and try to feel if there is something I am supposed to tell a stranger. Usually, they are vague hope-filled messages, but it's weird when I blurt out something oddly specific.	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear the news ? 	labels: What happened ? 
text: Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week . 	labels: She did ? Why didn't anyone tell me ? 
text: I would've thought that somebody would have told you . 	labels: No , I had no idea . 
text: Well , she did , her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . 	labels: Oh my God , that's great ! 
text: Are you going to go and visit her and the baby ? 	labels: I think that I might . 
text: Good ! I just thought I'd let you know . 	labels: Thanks for telling me . 	episode_done:True
text:Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off . 	labels: What ? That would be to cut off your nose to spite your face . 
text: Then what shall I do ? 	labels: Call the police . 	episode_done:True
text:Are we supposed to get off right here ? 	labels: I think so ; hurry up and get off . 
text: Where are we ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: You said this was the right stop . 	labels: I think I was wrong . 
text: Did we get off the bus too early ? 	labels: I don't know ; it kind of looks like we did . 
text: Why did you tell me to get off ? 	labels: I'm sorry . I thought this was our stop . 
text: I really don't feel like walking . 	labels: We could always wait for the next bus to come . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? 	labels: What's the price difference ? 
text: Regular is $ 1.15 , Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39 . 	labels: Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please . 
text: Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ? 	labels: Yes , I would . Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I'm looking for some perfume . Do you have perfumes with a light scent ? 
text: How about this one ? It smells like green tea and is our best seller . Try it . 	labels: It does smell good , How much is it ? 
text: It goes for $ 40 . 	labels: OK . I'll take this one . 	episode_done:True
text:Just as the saying goes , every potter praises his own pot . You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview . 	labels: It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time . 
text: You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance , in order to have a good performance in the interview . 	labels: The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background . And the length depends on the particular situation . 
text: Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in , can you make a targeted preparation . 	labels: To sell yourself successfully , you should leave the interviewer a deep impression . 
text: Selling yourself should go straight to the point , and the statement should be clear and brief . 	labels: It should also be truthful and realistic . Do not blindly blow your own horn . 
text: You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for . 	labels: While you should not omit your weak points , they need to be described appropriately 
text: Time permitted , you could add certain examples to your description . 	labels: Besides , in the interview , it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you bought your bus pass yet ? 	labels: I didn't get it yet . 
text: Well , why not ? 	labels: I have no idea where to get it from . 
text: You should've just asked me . 	labels: Well then , where do I get it ? 
text: You can get it from the student business office . 	labels: I didn't know that . 
text: I know you didn't . 	labels: I appreciate you telling me . 
text: No problem . 	labels: I'll make sure to get it tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:are you enjoying it there?	labels:it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.	episode_done:True
text:maybe it's something in your diet.	labels:no, i eat the same things day after day.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? 	labels: Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ? 
text: Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ? 	labels: Yes , it will print immediately . 	episode_done:True
text:Come on , fellows.Let ' s enjoy my wife's cooking ! 	labels: Em , it's delicious ! 
text: Thank you ! My wife likes cooking very much . 	labels: You're lucky . 	episode_done:True
text:I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me . 	labels: What's that ? 
text: I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry . 	labels: Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt ? 
text: No , thank you . 	labels: That's the most important thing . 
text: It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid . 	labels: Forget about it . 
text: When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway . 	labels: Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . My name is Richard Davis of Magic Office Supplies . I'm here to see Mr.Chen . 	labels: Yes . He's waiting for you in his office . This way , please . 	episode_done:True
text:he helped make the yankees the best team ever.	labels:and ruth was a good person, too.	episode_done:True
text:is this table okay?	labels:no, it's too close to the kitchen door.	episode_done:True
text:It depends on where you are and what position you are in . For instance , if you are in an elevator and you smile , you will make other takers uncomfortable . 	labels: That ’ s an exception . But I am fed up with those who keep a straight face in front of me . 
text: I cannot see eye to eye with you here . You see , I am fed up with those who keep smiling to me . I mean , they smile for no reason at all . 	labels: That means you don ’ t like them . If you hit it off with them , you will like to see their smiles . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Mary . What ’ s the matter with you ? You look upset . 	labels: My friend and I was argued with each other . For this , I ’ m very sad . Because I don ’ t want to lose this friend . 
text: Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I know how you feel . Please don ’ t be sad . 	labels: Thank you , but I really want to relax myself . I ’ m very sorry . 	episode_done:True
text:We're supposed to check in at the Air China's counter 30 minutes before take-off , Joe . 	labels: Yes , I know . The boarding time on the ticket says 17:05 , and now it's 16:15 . I guess we have plenty of time . 
text: Do we need to show our ID cards when checking in ? 	labels: Yes.It ' s essential . 
text: What about our luggage ? 	labels: We can check it and hand carry the small bags . And we have to open each for inspection . 
text: Are they going to frisk all the passengers ? 	labels: I think so.We certainly don't want a hijack to happen on the plane today . 	episode_done:True
text:i like to listen to rock and r&b.	labels:why do you like that type of music?	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Could I check out this book ? 
text: Let me see your library card . 	labels: I need to get one . 
text: You can apply for one right now , if you ’ d like . 	labels: Okay . Let me do that right now . 
text: Could you fill out this application ? 	labels: I ’ m finished . Here you go . 
text: Could you please sign the back of the card ? 	labels: All right . 
text: That ’ s it . 	labels: Now may I check this book out ? 	episode_done:True
text:Here is your spicy diced chicken with peanuts , sir . 	labels: Thank you . It looks very attractive . 
text: I would advise you to enjoy the dish while it is hot . 	labels: Tasty and tender ! It must be one of the famous local dishes . 
text: Yes . It's a traditional dish . 	labels: And it must be very particular in cooking . 
text: You are right , sir . To prepare it , a Sichuan food chef first fries some chilli until they turn reddish brown , and then puts diced chicken breast meat into the pot with other condiments and peanuts . That's why the dish has a bright colour . 	labels: I see . 	episode_done:True
text:I found an apartment to rent . 	labels: Where did you find this apartment ? 
text: I found it in today ’ s apartment ads . 	labels: Really ? I can ’ t believe you actually found an apartment in the ads . 
text: I actually found it in the ads , and it ’ s not too expensive either . 	labels: I want to hear more about this apartment . 
text: All you really need to know is that the apartment looks great . 	labels: How much will you have to pay for rent ? 
text: Every month I ’ d only have to pay $ 725 . 	labels: For where we live , that is really inexpensive . 
text: It is , isn ’ t it ? 	labels: I ’ m glad to hear that you finally found an apartment . 	episode_done:True
text:Out of every movie that you've seen , which one is your favorite ? 	labels: I'm going to have to say that Superbad is the best movie ever . 
text: You think so , how come ? 	labels: Well , Superbad is super funny . 
text: You're not lying , I found that movie absolutely hilarious . 	labels: I didn't know that you saw Superbad before . 
text: I made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out . 	labels: I couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie . 
text: I was laughing hysterically the whole time ; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards . 	labels: That's exactly how I felt . 
text: I got the movie when it came out on DVD , do you want to come over ? 	labels: I would love to . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Have you got the latest ONXIU magazine ? 
text: Yes , but it's checked out . 	labels: What a pity ! I missed it again . 
text: It's popular you know . You want to reserve it ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: Fill out this form and we will send you a note when we get the book . 	labels: Thank you . What shall I do when I check out these books ? 
text: Take the card , and fill in your name and library card number . 	labels: Thank you so much . 	episode_done:True
text:have you attended school today?	labels:i attended school today. did you?	episode_done:True
text:What ? 	labels: What happened with that guy at the cafe ? 
text: nothing 	labels: But you ’ re crazy about him ? 
text: Yes , I am . 	labels: Why don ’ t you run off with him ? What are you waiting for ? 
text: I don ’ t actually know him . 	labels: Really ? 
text: I only know him through the ... you are not gonna believe this . 	labels: Oh , let me guess . Through the internet ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Hmm . You ’ Ve got mail . 	episode_done:True
text:Waiter , can you come here for a moment ? 	labels: Yes , is there something wrong ? 
text: I'm afraid you've made a mistake . This isn't what I ordered . 	labels: So sorry , I must have confused the orders . I'll check it . 
text: And also this soup is cold . 	labels: I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away . 	episode_done:True
text:Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ? 	labels: I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts . 	episode_done:True
text:Has your company been affected much by government legislation ? 	labels: Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards . 
text: What about your use of raw materials ? 	labels: Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more . 
text: What happens if you exceed the limits ? 	labels: We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard you received a prize for you book . 	labels: yes , I did . I won a prize for best local history book at the annual book awards . 
text: congratulations ! You must be very proud of your achievement . 	labels: actually , I was happy just to get the book published . Winning the prize was an added bonus . 
text: what was the prize ? 	labels: I won $ 200 to spend on any books of my choice . 
text: that ’ s a great prize for a person who writes books ! Have you ever won a prize before ? 	labels: I shared a prize with some friends last week . We won a bottle of whisky at a pub quiz . 	episode_done:True
text: Where to?	labels: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	episode_done:True
text:Miss , please give something to drink . 	labels: Excuse me , sir . What kind of drink do you want ? 
text: Do you have whisky ? 	labels: Yes , but you have to pay for it . 
text: Well , in that case please give me some free drink . 	labels: Wait a minute , I will bring you some juice . 	episode_done:True
text:no, because i'm eating food that i like.	labels:but the same thing day after day gets old.	episode_done:True
text:Hey , that ’ s a very nice hairdo you ’ re wearing ! 	labels: Oh you ’ re exaggerating . I ’ m never really good at making hairdo . 
text: You did it yourself ? Wow , you are good ! 	labels: Thanks for saying so , but my husband thinks otherwise . 	episode_done:True
text:What's your favorite TV Program ? 	labels: I like variety shows . 
text: I also like variety shows , but sometimes the host lacks a sense of humor . 	labels: I prefer a variety show without a host . 	episode_done:True
text:I went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday . It was very good . 	labels: I didn't know about it . What did you do ? 
text: We ate a lot of things . We played games and gave gifts to Jessie . We had a lot of fun . 	labels: You were really lucky . 
text: My birthday comes next month . I want to hold a birthday party , too . 	labels: I hope I can go to your party . 	episode_done:True
text:Thank you for bringing me here Hong , this place looks great ! 	labels: You ’ re welcome . Would you like some cold dishes ? 
text: Let me see . How about the lotus root ? 	labels: Ok , and anything to drink ? Maybe some jasmine tea ? 
text: Oh , yes that would be nice . 	labels: And for your main course ? I can recommend the sizzling beef . 
text: Actually , I ’ m vegetarian so I ’ d like to have the bean curd . 	labels: Oh , that ’ s a good choice . Very healthy too . 	episode_done:True
text:May I take your order ? 	labels: We haven't decided yet . Could you give us a little longer ? 
text: Yes , take your time , please . 	labels: Can we get something to drink ? We want two bottles of beer . 
text: Fine . 	labels: Could you tell us your specials today ? 
text: The special today is steak . 	labels: We'll take this steak dinner . 
text: What would you like to go with your steak ? 	labels: Peas and carrots . 
text: I see . What would you like for dessert ? 	labels: Icecream , please . 	episode_done:True
text:I plan to add an introductory letter behind the resume to increase the probabilities of success in the interview . 	labels: That's a good idea . Do you know how to write an introductory letter ? 
text: I'm not sure of that . Do you know ? 	labels: I just know a little . First you need to include your basic information , such as your name , age , gender and major , etc . 
text: Yes , I think so , too . I must introduce myself in truth . 	labels: I think the most important is that you need to show the employer that you are qualified for that job . 
text: So I should write my strengths in the introductory letter , especially those related to the work . 	labels: Yes , thus the employer can know you very well , and then decide whether you are the right person . 
text: You are very nice to tell me those . 	labels: I wish you good luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:Who did the stupid thing ? 	labels: It must be Kate . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . 	labels: Yes ? 
text: Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? 	labels: Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... 
text: Along Queen's Road ... 	labels: Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . 
text: Right at the Hilton . 	labels: Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . 
text: The Cathedral ? 	labels: Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . 
text: That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ? 	labels: Yes . Why ? 	episode_done:True
text:i buried him with his cell phone.	labels:what will you do when the battery dies?	episode_done:True
text:I ’ Ve been told you might have a vacant room . 	labels: Yes . I have a spare room . 
text: How much are you asking ? 	labels: 10.00 dollars a night . 
text: Could I see the room , please ? 	labels: Sure.Come on in . 	episode_done:True
text:Your PC is so amazing . Are you doing trade on internet ? 	labels: Thank you for your compliment . I bought this PC with my first-month salary . I am getting to know the on-line trade . 
text: I'm wondering if you often trade with others on the internet . 	labels: Yes , I often do business through internet now . 
text: Oh , really ? Is it a good way ? 	labels: Yes , very gorgeous . Sometimes , I can deal with my business without stepping out of our house . 
text: What advantages does it have ? 	labels: Firstly , it is convenient . And secondly , it has low cost , because you know you only need to pay the fee of internet service . 
text: I agree with you . It will cost too much when going abroad to join the exhibition . 	labels: The most important is that it is very convenient . You know you can browse the website and send E-mails to your customers at any time . Even you can have e-contract with your regular customers . 
text: So cool , if we do business through other ways , it will cost a lot of time . 	labels: Sure , but every coin has two sides . Doing business through the internet is not as safe as doing business through traditional ways . 
text: Will you give me some suggestion ? 	labels: Of course , such as Alabama , which is a famous website . 	episode_done:True
text:Where can I get the information , Kate ? 	labels: Ask John . He is sure to know about it . 
text: Why ? 	labels: He has a finger in the pie . 	episode_done:True
text: How's life?	labels: can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch	episode_done:True
text:that's very nice.	labels:my dad got to see the beautiful new world war ii monument.	episode_done:True
text:Are you looking for shoes ? 	labels: Yes , could you give me some ideas ? 
text: What about this brown one ? 	labels: Fine , it's the thing for me . I will take it . 	episode_done:True
text:the election is next week.	labels:who are you voting for?	episode_done:True
text:How are you ? 	labels: Fine . 
text: I haven ’ t seen you for several days . 	labels: Oh , I have been with my uncle for a week . 
text: What ’ s he doing ? 	labels: He is an accountant . I have been helping him for a week . 
text: He must be happy . 	labels: Yeah . How are you these days ? 	episode_done:True
text:What does Human Resources Department do ? 	labels: Hiring , firing , training , insurances , benefits , retirement plans , salary , vacation . 
text: They take care of a lot of things . 	labels: But most of time , they provide assistances . 
text: What do you mean ? 	labels: Say if the Engineering Department wants to hire a person , they will request HR to find candidates . 
text: Yes ? 	labels: The Engineering Manager and his team will interview the candidates . HR will also be involved with the interview , but basically arranging the schedule and explaining the benefits . 
text: OK . 	labels: Then the Engineering Manager will choose the candidate . 	episode_done:True
text:Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 	labels: Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . 
text: What are they ? 	labels: They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . 
text: And what is the most important point ? 	labels: You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule . 	episode_done:True
text:OK , I'm sorry it took so long . 	labels: I understand . 
text: The phone has been ringing off the hook today . 	labels: Some days are just like that . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Bob ! How are you doing ? 	labels: Fine ! How are you ? 
text: I'm fine too , thank you . 	labels: I've come to tell you I'm going to the concert this evening.Will you come with me ? I've two complimentary tickets . 
text: With the greatest pleasure.Where is the concert this evening ? 	labels: It will be held at the Music Hall . 
text: What's on the program ? 	labels: It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to buy a sweater ? 	labels: Yes . Which one is the latest ? 
text: The cowl-neck pullovers are new in . It sells like hot cakes . 	labels: It's my style . Will it be resistance to balling ? 	episode_done:True
text:they brushed with their fingers.	labels:they also ate with their fingers!	episode_done:True
text:what does "mi" mean?	labels:"mi" stands for middle initial.	episode_done:True
text:I would like to withdraw my money and close my account please . 	labels: May I see your passbook . 
text: Here you are . 	labels: This is a sizable sum . Is there any reason you are closing your account with us Mr . Lee ? 
text: I will be leaving the city soon so I have no need for this account . 	labels: I see . Well for this amount I will have to get my manager ’ s approval . 
text: No problem . I ’ ll wait over there . 	labels: Thank you . This should only be a few minutes . If you would like , there is coffee by those sofas over there . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . Congratulations ! 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How's your married life ? 	labels: We're happy together now . We both think that we're a well-matched couple . 
text: That's very good . It's said that marriage is the Ab of love . But the words may not be right . 	labels: The situation differs in person . 	episode_done:True
text:Come in , please . 	labels: Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . 
text: Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . 	labels: Glad to meet you , Mr . White . 
text: Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? 	labels: Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . 
text: For how long ? 	labels: 3 years . 
text: Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? 	labels: That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . 
text: You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . 	labels: I don't mind that . 
text: I think I will give you a 3 months ’ trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . 	labels: When am I supposed to start working ? 
text: Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you . 	labels: Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can you put me through to Mr . Lining ? 	labels: Yes , speaking . Can I help you ? 
text: I am calling to let you know that you are selected to fill the position of Project Manager . 	labels: I am happy to hear that and I'll accept that . 
text: By the way , are you married ? 	labels: No , I am single . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you see the news today ? 	labels: I haven't had a chance to see it . 
text: You know about the blackout last night , right ? 	labels: The lights were out everywhere . 
text: A bunch of people went looting last night . 	labels: They what ? 
text: They took full advantage of the lights being out . 	labels: That's crazy . 
text: The news reported that four stores were broken into . 	labels: Were the looters found ? 
text: The police don't know who did it . 	labels: I hope this doesn't happen again . 	episode_done:True
text: I can't believe tomorrow is the first day of the New Year!	labels: I know! 2015 went by so fast.
text: It did. Have you made a New Year's resolution yet?	labels: What is that?
text: A goal you want to set or achieve in the New Year. Haven't you ever made a New Year's resolution?	labels: No. Do you make one every year?
text: Yes!	labels: Do you achieve your goal every year?
text: No, I hardly ever achieve them.	labels: What were they?
text: One year was losing weight. Another year, I was going to quit smoking. There are too many to list.	labels: If you can't achieve them, why do you make one every year?
text: I should at least try to achieve one goal.	labels: Was there ever a successful resolution?
text: Let me think about it. I don't think so.	labels: Then your resolution for the New Year should be not to make any more resolutions.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? 	labels: Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . 
text: Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . 	labels: Right ? OK , got it . 
text: Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ? 	labels: Next left then right ? OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Sandy . Do you have a minute ? 	labels: Yes , John . I ’ m on my break . What ’ s going on ? 
text: Not much . I just wanted to see how you were . How ’ s married life treating you ? 	labels: Great , except for my mother-in-law ! Sometimes I think I married her instead of my husband ! How about you ? 	episode_done:True
text:our kids are completely safe.	labels:so why are we selling our house?	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ? 	labels: The local newspaper has ads for housing . 
text: Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ? 	labels: Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate . 
text: What do landlords charge for rent ? 	labels: Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ? 
text: There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment . 	labels: You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month . 
text: I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me . 	labels: Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want . 	episode_done:True
text:Besides salary what kind of allowance can I expect ? 	labels: We have a kind of floating bonus on a yearly basis . 
text: Can you elaborate it more concretely ? 	labels: Yes . Floating bonus is the kind of bonus that is indeterminate in amount , such as quarterly bonus , bonus at the end of the year . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you today?	labels:I need to return a book.	episode_done:True
text:  I am nervous about the presentation.	labels:  Why?
text:  My English is not very good.	labels:  Did you practice your presentation?
text:  Yes.  I've been practicing every day.	labels:  You can practice with me too.	episode_done:True
text:Why do all girls appear feminine after sophomore year ? 	labels: Because they are full-grown . Look at their curvy figures . 
text: I feel they all talk and behave in a different way . 	labels: They suddenly become shy when they speak to boys . 
text: Some even do make-up slightly . Are you aware that previous ' small potato ' Ma Xiaoxiao becomes a piece of cheese cake recently ? 	labels: She is certainly not my kind of girl . 
text: Stop preaching your dream love Marilyn Monroe to me . I know those sexy women are your tastes . 	labels: You are so Platonic . Those naive girls will eventually grow into real women . They can't resist love , and men cannot resist their attraction either . 	episode_done:True
text:Your knowledge of English is really surprising . 	labels: Oh , it's nothing to speak of . 
text: No , seriously . I'm impressed . 	labels: Thank you . I appreciate the compliment . 	episode_done:True
text: Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%	labels: wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago	episode_done:True
text:You'll soon graduate from your university . Do you have any plans for the future ? 	labels: I'm planning to go to graduate school , but I also want to find a job . Otherwise , I'll have nowhere to go if I fail the entrance exam . 
text: Do you have a clear career path to follow ? 	labels: career path ? I'm not sure . 
text: what kind of job do you want after graduation ? 	labels: I want to become a professor , a lawyer , an editor , a civil servant ... 
text: wait ! You can't do so many things at the same time . What exactly do you want ? 	labels: I don't know . Do you have any advice for me ? 
text: yeah , you should first decide what kind of career you really want , plan your career path , and then try your best to achieve your goal . 	labels: I think perhaps I need to buy a few years while I figure out about my career . 
text: no , you can't waste your time wandering around . If you want a job that requires a higher degree or diploma , you should focus on your graduate school entrance exam ; if you want a job that needs working 	labels: thank you so much for your advice . I'll think it over . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you need help with something ? 	labels: I need help finding a new refrigerator . 
text: Do you see anything that you like ? 	labels: That Kenmore looks nice . 
text: That is a wonderful choice . 	labels: What makes is so great ? 
text: It's very inexpensive , and it has all the appliances . 	labels: What appliances are you talking about ? 
text: The fridge and freezer is very spacious , and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser . 	labels: May I take a look inside ? 
text: Take a look inside . 	labels: It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator . 	episode_done:True
text:The total for all these items comes to $ 36.78 . 	labels: Take my VISA . 
text: There is something wrong with your card . 	labels: What ’ s going on ? 
text: Your card was declined . 	labels: That can ’ t be right ! 
text: Would you like me to try another card ? 	labels: I don ’ t have another one . 
text: What about cash ? 	labels: I didn ’ t bring cash with me today . 
text: I ’ m sorry , but you can ’ t take the items until you can buy them . 	labels: I ’ ll come back for them tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:that was mean to say.	labels:i am very sorry, but i must go.	episode_done:True
text:Every honored guests , welcome to Hang Thou . Now we are visiting Tiger-running Spring . 	labels: How can we relate tiger to this spot , Miss Zhang ? 
text: Its name originates from a legend that two tigers run here and made a hole , and then a spring gushed out from it . 	labels: How ignorant I am ! 
text: The Longing Tea and the Tiger-running Spring water are always considered as the “ Two Wonders in West Lake . ” 	labels: I know that tea . It smells fragrant . 
text: That's right . All my guests , attention please . We will have half an hour to visit the spring and take photos . And next spot will be the Moon Reflected in Three Pools . 	labels: Janice , David , come here . We take some photos here . I can't imagine how beautiful it is ! 	episode_done:True
text:it is delicious, especially with butter.	labels:i think we should just leave after we fill up on the bread.	episode_done:True
text:I will travel to Southeast Asia this summer , so I need to exchange some US dollars . Can I get the foreign currency at any bank ? 	labels: I don't think you can . In China , our currency is not freely convertible yet . 
text: Do you mean there is no way to get any foreign money ? 	labels: No . You can go to the Bank of China to exchange some US dollars at the current exchange rate of the day you exchange them . The maximum amount you can exchange is $ 2,000 . 
text: Only $ 2,000 ? Are there any other ways to get the money exchanged ? 	labels: The only official way is to go to Bank of China . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Green , I ’ d like to introduce you to Mr . Brown . 	labels: How do you do , Mr . Brown ? It ’ s a pleasure to get to know you . 
text: My pleasure , Mr . Green . I look forward to an excellent relationship with your company . 	labels: I propose a toast to the health of everyone here and to the success of our negotiation . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to get to PCC , but I don't know which bus to catch . 	labels: Where exactly are you coming from ? 
text: I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena . 	labels: Do you have a problem walking a little bit ? 
text: I don't mind walking . 	labels: If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive , you can catch the 267 . 
text: Tell me which direction it should be going . 	labels: Make sure to catch it going west . 
text: Where do I get off ? 	labels: You get off on Del Mar and Hill . 
text: Thanks for your help . 	labels: Don't mention it . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . Welcome to Flower Hotel . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How many pieces of baggage do you have ? 	labels: Three . Would you please help us take them to the hall ? 	episode_done:True
text:I hate doing the damn laundry . 	labels: Watch your language . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ? 	labels: Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! 
text: I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better . 	labels: Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . 
text: Certainly , may I take your name ? I ’ ll let her know you ’ Ve arrived . 	labels: Sure , it ’ s Josh O ’ Neil . 
text: Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ? 	labels: Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll see you next time.	labels:Sure Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I was scared stiff of giving my first performance . 	labels: Were you ? your performance was excellent . 	episode_done:True
text:I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes . 	labels: I'm ready when you are , sir . 
text: Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York . 	labels: You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine . 
text: I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ? 	labels: Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit . 
text: A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ? 	labels: I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely . 
text: Okay . Let me think about this . 	labels: Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:a family with only one baby.	labels:that's a good idea.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 	labels: Good morning . I want to buy a lipstick for my wife because it is her birthday today . 
text: Do you know what color your wife often wears ? 	labels: Light pink . 
text: Would you like this color or other colors ? 	labels: I'd like her to have a change . 
text: Then how do you like this plum red one ? 	labels: It is nice . Is it water proof ? 
text: Yes , sir . 	labels: Okay , I'll take it . Could you help me gift wrap it ? 	episode_done:True
text:I don't think the teacher had a right to say that . The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class . 	labels: You've got to be joking ! It's the teacher's right to say anything wants , and if she saw Myra cheating , she certainly had the right to say so . 
text: I agree she had the right to say something , but I feel she should have done it privately . 	labels: You're right . If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard that we will have reorganization ? 	labels: No , really ? 
text: Yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department . 	labels: Who will be there ? 
text: James is going to be packed off there . 	labels: That is good . He can leave you alone this time . 	episode_done:True
text:John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ? 	labels: Yes , I watched once . 
text: What do you think of it ? 	labels: Well , honestly speaking , I went to watch it out of curiosity . I'd say it's really a special art form . 
text: I couldn't agree more . Actually , I'm a Beijing Opera fan . 	labels: Really ? Good for you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is it necessary to do warm-up exercise ? I can't wait to dive into the water . 	labels: I'm sorry . Every customer coming here must do the warm-up exercise before getting down to swimming . That's out regulation . 
text: Yeah , I see . You are just doing your job . But I wanna know what the advantages it has . 	labels: OK , lovely boy . Try to be patient . Do you know the danger of swimming without warm-up ? 
text: As far as I know , people will be weak if they swim too long . 	labels: That's right . But the most dangerous thing is that their legs may spasm out of control when swimming . 
text: Is it very dangerous ? I'm a little scared . Do you offer the lifebuoy for us ? 	labels: Yes , besides that , we also provide our customers with goggles , swimming suit and something like that . 
text: Do you have the workers to save me if anything should happen ? 	labels: Of course , all the workers here are able to swim , and they will come to your aid quickly . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow,you're so serious.	labels:This is a great book you're checking out.	episode_done:True
text:Just fine. Where are you off to?	labels:To the library. I've got a history exam next week	episode_done:True
text: Where are you going?	labels: I have to walk the dog.
text: What kind of dog do you have?	labels: I have a little poodle.
text: Poodles bark a lot.	labels: They sure do.
text: They bark at everything.	labels: They never shut up.
text: Why did you get a poodle?	labels: It's my mom's dog.
text: So she likes poodles.	labels: She says they're good watchdogs.	episode_done:True
text:And lots of " Dear Abby " sob stories ... 	labels: Hey ! I learn a lot from the psychologists who give advice in those columns ! 
text: No wonder you're such a wacko ... 	labels: Whatever ... Smell ! Perfume samples ! 
text: Nice . Hey , I like the layout of this page ... 	labels: You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ? 	episode_done:True
text:What does your friend Jim do ? 	labels: He is a teacher , but he makes a little money on the side by repairing cars in his free time . 
text: He can repair cares ? I cannot believe it . 	labels: Believe me , he is the first-class . 	episode_done:True
text:no, the police don't care.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:Alright everyone settle down . Let ’ s get started.As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ? 	labels: Cinct de mayo ? 
text: No , that ’ s May fifth in Spanish , James , no wonder you are failing my Spanish class . No , May first is International Workers ’ Day . 	labels: Do we get a day off from school then ? 
text: No ! It is not considered to be a national holiday here in the US , but in other countries it is . 	labels: Www , man ! 
text: In the nineteenth century , working conditions were appalling , with workers being forced to work ten , twelve , and fourteen hours a day . Support for the eight-hour work day movement was growing rapidly , despite the indifference and hostility of many union leaders , and by April 1886 , 250,000 workers were involved in the May Day movement . Previous legislative attempts to improve working conditions had failed , so labor organizers took drastic measures . They passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day ’ s work . And , on May First 1886 , the resolution took effect . 	labels: Cool ! Is that why we only work eight hours now ? 
text: Yes ! But the happy ending came at a high price.On May third , 1886 , police fired into a crowd of strikers at the McCormick Reaper Works Factory , killing four and wounding many . A mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality . 	labels: And then what happened ? 	episode_done:True
text:After you 	labels: Thank you ! 
text: What's the weather like in your country ? I suppose it must be warmer than here . 	labels: Oh , yes . We have rather mild winters . It always has much sunshine in winter . But it was very foggy when I left two days ago . I knew it would be colder here , but I thought there would be a lot of snow . 
text: We don't have much snow in winter in Beijing . In fact , we haven't had any so far this winter . The winter is rather long , but the cold is generally not severe . The temperature seldom gets as low as ten below zero Centigrade . 	labels: What is the temperature today , do you know ? 
text: About freezing point , I think.But the morning's forecast said that we are going to have a very cold spell in the next few days - and the temperature will probably drop to 10 or 15 degrees below zero . 	labels: Oh , I'm very lucky that my wife let me take a heavy overcoat . 
text: It is considerate of your wife . 	labels: Yes , she is . By the way , what is the best season in Beijing ? 
text: Fall is the best season in Beijing . It's neither hot nor cold . The sky is clear and blue . There's hardly any wind , only a slight breeze which is hardly noticeable . And we have plenty of sunshine too . 	labels: Really ? Then I will come to Beijing in the fall next time . 	episode_done:True
text:One of my students told me she was very depressed today . 	labels: Why ? 
text: Her father is dying . 	labels: Oh , that ’ s very sad . 
text: Yeah , she ’ s broken up about it , poor kid . 	labels: What did you do ? 
text: I talked to her for a while , but she ’ s really depressed . So , I made an appointment with the school counselor for her . 	labels: That ’ s a good idea . The counselor is a psychologist . He ’ s better trained to handle these sorts of things . 
text: Yeah , that ’ s what I told her . I ’ m glad she ’ s reaching out for help , instead of trying to deal with this on her own . 	labels: Yeah , me too . 	episode_done:True
text:A report says running red lights causes one thousand traffic accidents every year . 	labels: It ’ s horrible . Why do drivers run a red light then ? 
text: Maybe they know they shouldn ’ t run a red light , but when they are driving they don ’ t pay enough attention to traffic lights . 	labels: Talking on the cell phone while driving is very dangerous too . It increases the chance of accidents . 	episode_done:True
text:that sounds like fun.	labels:do you think you can come?	episode_done:True
text:I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport . 	labels: Oh , thanks a lot . 
text: What time are you leaving ? 	labels: 1 thirty P . m . But I've got to check in at 12 thirty P . m . 
text: What airline and what flight ? 	labels: Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 . 
text: I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P . m . 	labels: Ok . See you tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you often go to watch sports games ? 	labels: I go occasionally when there's a game on near home , but usually I watch it on TV . 
text: Can you recall the games ? 	labels: Sometimes . But I'll never forget the game in which our Chinese Women's Volleyball Team won the World Cup . It is the most thrilling and exciting game I have ever seen . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , you look a little stuck . Can I help ? 	labels: The thing is , I've got all of this information here , all of these leaflets , but I can't make head nor tail of them ! 
text: I see . What is it exactly that you are interested in ? 	labels: I'm not sure which would be better for me ; buying some insurance or putting my money in a Savings Deposit . 
text: Well , that all depends on how much you want to invest . 	labels: I was thinking of around 10,000 RIB . 
text: That's a nice round figure to deal with ! OK , if you were to buy this insurance policy , your yearly fixed income from it would be 94.35 RIB . 	labels: And for the Savings Deposit ? 
text: For the Savings Deposit you could actually get more . You see , in time deposit , the interest rate is 1.58 % after the 20 % interest tax . So , technically you could get more than a third more . 	labels: Wow ! A third more ? Very good . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Does this hotel have a fitness facility ? 	labels: Yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness . 
text: Where is your fitness facility located ? 	labels: The gym is just below the lobby . Take the elevator or the stairs . You can't miss it . 
text: Is there an additional surcharge for the gym ? 	labels: No , the gym is free to guests . Take your room key , however , so you can get in . 
text: What time is the gym open , and what time does it close ? 	labels: The gym is open seven days a week , twenty-four hours a day . 
text: Do you offer trainer services along with the gym ? 	labels: Unfortunately , no . If you want a trainer , you'll have to use another gym . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'm looking for the cameras . 	episode_done:True
text:This is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up . 	labels: Are you serious ? 
text: Yes , I mean it . 	labels: But why ? Did I do anything wrong ? 
text: No , we are just too different . This isn ’ t working . 	labels: Hey , come on . It ’ s too early to say that . We can fix things . 
text: I have thought about it for a while . I think it ’ s time to move on for both of us . 	labels: But I still love you . 
text: I ’ m sorry . 	labels: I knew this would happen some day ... 
text: Then why didn ’ t you talk to me ? 	labels: Well . It ’ s not all my fault , Anna ... 
text: I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but Let ’ s try and be friends . 	labels: I would like that Anna , but I think I ’ ll need a little space for a bit . 
text: I think we ’ ll be better off if we are apart . 	labels: Shall we keep pur friendship ? 	episode_done:True
text:I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out . 	labels: I think that looks like a very nice house . Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses ? 
text: Yes , I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet . 	labels: I love the beautiful lawn . What a great front entryway ! 
text: We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here . 	labels: That works for me . We can check out the kitchen next . 
text: On such a hot day , it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers . 	labels: Check out the flyer with all of the home ’ s information on it . 
text: What is the price of this house in the flyer ? 	labels: They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand . 	episode_done:True
text:Bob , how about joining the boxing club this summer vacation ? 	labels: What a good idea ! 
text: So let's get registered tomorrow . 	labels: OK . 	episode_done:True
text: Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.	labels: hi	episode_done:True
text:Hello , can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , my engine warning light is on . 
text: How long has it been on for ? 	labels: Just since today . 
text: You can still drive , without problems . 	labels: It runs fine . 
text: Let's check it out . There'll be a $ 45 charge to check it over . If you fix it with us , we'll include the $ 45 into your repair . 	labels: Okay . 
text: Please write down your address and phone number , and sign here . 	labels: Okay . 
text: It'll be about an hour . Are you going to wait ? 	labels: No , you can give a call when you have done checking . 	episode_done:True
text:I was wondering if you need any help on your new project . 	labels: Sure ! That would be great ! Are you good at writing or would you rather do the computer work ? 
text: I would like to help with the computer work . 	labels: Great ! We are going to be working in teams of three . Are you OK working with others ? 
text: Yes , I like working like that . 	labels: We will begin next Monday . Would you be available then ? 
text: Yes , I can be there . 	labels: Well , if you could send me your basic background information before next Monday , it would be useful . 
text: OK , I will send the information to you . 	labels: Well then , thanks for your help . Have a great day ! 	episode_done:True
text:Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him ? 	labels: Yes , I need to talk to him . 
text: I'll put the call through then . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text: no high school actually haha	labels: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , John ! How was your vacation ? 	labels: We went to Malaysia and Thailand . 
text: That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting ? 	labels: Well . We went bungee jumping when we were in Malaysia . 
text: Wow , isn't that dangerous ? 	labels: A little , but the rush was worth it . 
text: Tell me about it . 	labels: We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us . 
text: 500 feet ! I would never be able to do that . 	labels: Yeah , It was scary but exhilarating . 	episode_done:True
text: Have you seen our waiter?	labels: Here he comes now.
text: We've been sitting here for almost 10 minutes.	labels: Oops, I guess I was wrong. That isn't our waiter.
text: We can give him five more minutes, and then leave.	labels: I'll go up front and talk to the manager.
text: That's a good idea.	labels: Maybe they'll give us free drinks for waiting so long.
text: Maybe he'll send us our waiter immediately.	labels: Every time we eat out, it's an adventure.
text: Last time, we got seats next to the kitchen.	labels: We'll never go there again.	episode_done:True
text:you hit a white ball.	labels:and then you chase it.	episode_done:True
text:Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ? 	labels: Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ? 
text: Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable . 	labels: That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems . 
text: Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ? 	labels: When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports . 
text: I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ? 	labels: Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it . 
text: Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo . 	labels: Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits . 
text: You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too . 	labels: Sure . What about you ? What do you like about the Olympics ? 
text: For me , the Olympics for the disabled always catches my heart . It makes me understand that perseverance makes the impossible possible . 	labels: Hey , young man , you are so deep today . 	episode_done:True
text:i love you.	labels:i love you, too.	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to order yet , sir ? 	labels: Yes , I think so . I ’ d like to have one medium steak , and a bottle of wine . 
text: Yes , sir . It'll be a moment . 	labels: Ok . 	episode_done:True
text:it's not even noon yet.	labels:that means it will get hotter.	episode_done:True
text:Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? 	labels: Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . 
text: What ? 	labels: I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... 
text: What is it ? 	labels: Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . 
text: That makes you feel uncomfortable ? 	labels: Yeah . we never do that in a public office . 
text: Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . 	labels: I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . 
text: Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . 	labels: Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? 
text: Yeah . 	labels: Oh , I'm shocked . 	episode_done:True
text:Lisa , are there family rules in this house ? 	labels: Well , I wouldn't call them rules , but there are some things that I expect my daughter to do . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Setting the table and doing the dishes . 
text: Is there anything else ? 	labels: I also expect Cindy to tidy up her own room . 
text: Her room is very neat and clean . 	labels: Yeah . She's a very responsible person . 	episode_done:True
text:Driver , bring me to the station . 	labels: OK . 
text: Can you please speed up ? I am catching the train . 	labels: I am sorry . There is a speed limit . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't think we can meet the delivery date you suggest . It's too soon . 	labels: Well , is it possible for you to effect shipment by the middle of June ? 	episode_done:True
text:Don ’ t be angry with them . After all , they are still children . 	labels: But I am still worry about them . I ’ m afraid ... 
text: If I were you , I would not put crime in their doing these thing . We should encourage our children to do what they like , so long as they are not far off track . 	labels: Well , I won ’ t put a crime into their doings . 	episode_done:True
text:I hear you have just shown your hand first to Lin Ping . 	labels: Yes . 
text: If I were in your position , I wouldn't give up an inch . 	labels: I regret to say I can't accept your suggestion . 	episode_done:True
text:You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? 	labels: Not bad.Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired . 
text: I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job . 	labels: I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful ! 
text: You know the phrase , the survival the fittest . We have no choices . 	labels: That's right , I have to work hard . 	episode_done:True
text:Good day . Is this the Business Centre ? 	labels: It is . What can I do for you ? 
text: I want to make a deposit . 	labels: Would that be a Fixed Deposit or a Current Deposit ? 
text: A Current Deposit , please . 	labels: We have various different types of Current Deposit , the Variable Term Deposit , a Notice Deposit and the Usual Current Deposit . Which would you like ? 
text: Arm ... just the usual , Current Deposit please . 	labels: OK , just a moment . I'll find the relevant data and help you with that . 	episode_done:True
text:i got it from macy's.	labels:it's really nice.	episode_done:True
text:How can I help you this afternoon ? 	labels: I want to take out some money , but there's a massive queue for the ATM so I thought I'd do it over the counter . 
text: Unfortunately , an ATM is being refilled because it ran out of money . That's what's causing the hold up . 	labels: Oh , I see . I thought maybe it was just the time of the day , although it isn't usually busy at 2:30 in the afternoon . 
text: You are right , you've just missed the lunchtime rush . Could you fill out a withdrawal slip , please ? 	labels: I did that already , while I was waiting . Also , here's my card . 
text: Thank you . And you require ... 	labels: 800 RIB , please . 
text: Please enter your personal code right here , on the key pad . And sign here , please . 	labels: OK ... 
text: Thank you . Here's your card back and your money . Please double check it for me . 	labels: Yes , that's great . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me . 	labels: It ’ s my pleasure . I enjoyed working with you . 
text: I wouldn ’ t be able to make it without your help . 	labels: Then keep up the good work . 	episode_done:True
text:the mayor says the crime rate is going down.	labels:then why does everyone lock their doors?	episode_done:True
text:Great ! I landed on Classic Movies . 	labels: I didn't know you liked old movies . 
text: I love them , especially the all-time greats like Gone With the Wind . 	labels: You're so right ! Today's movies are just too commercial ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon ! 	labels: Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ? 
text: I'm very well , thank you.How are you ? 	labels: Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ? 
text: Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . 	labels: Yes . 
text: What's the weather like in your country ? 	labels: Mm ... It's quite warm now . 
text: Where do you live ? 	labels: In London.Where do you live ? 	episode_done:True
text:What's your products ' competitive edge ? 	labels: You have probably noticed that our products ' prices are competitive . Besides . we can provide more superior products than other companies at the same price . 
text: We need your detail explanation . 	labels: It means that if you place a big order , we usually allow 15 % for a trade discount . And our products feel more slip , colorful and faddish than others . You can have a look . 
text: It sounds good , and how about its quality ? We only look for the best . 	labels: We always sell the best . You can believe us at this point . 
text: OK ! How long dose it take you to deliver if we order 1000 pieces of silk ? 	labels: Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders . 	episode_done:True
text:Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman . 	labels: How much is it ? Is three hundred dollars enough ? 
text: No , I'm not asking for money . I'm asking for your advice . 	labels: Oh , you've already grown up , son . 	episode_done:True
text:I didn't see you at Mr . Johnson's class today . 	labels: Yeah , I quit . 
text: Why ? 	labels: I'm fed up with his boring lectures . 	episode_done:True
text:Why?They're going to find out.	labels:No,they're not!They're not going to check.	episode_done:True
text:Peter , it's time to get up . 	labels: Ten more minutes , mom . 
text: What time is it now ? 	labels: It's already 3 8 o'clock . 	episode_done:True
text:so it would be cheaper to hire more police?	labels:yes, it would.	episode_done:True
text:This visit is over for me . Here's your room key . 	labels: Thank you for that , and in return , here's your receipt . 
text: And thanks to you . 	labels: I hope you'll visit us again , sir . 
text: I'd be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches . 	labels: I guarantee you that our little “ friends ” won't be back . I hope your trip home is pleasant . 	episode_done:True
text:what happened?	labels:i got laid off because there was no work.	episode_done:True
text:Good coming . room service.What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'd like a hamburger and a cup of coffee.My room number is 402 . 
text: OK.sir . We will bring it to you as soon as possible . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any special interests besides your job ? 	labels: My chief interest is swimming and climbing with my friends . 
text: What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? 	labels: I think that the most important thing is you can ’ t live all by himself . It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together . The more really close friends I have , the better . 	episode_done:True
text:the artist said the jar was both full and empty.	labels:but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?	episode_done:True
text:You'd like coffee , wouldn't you ? 	labels: I think I'd rather have tea this morning . 
text: What else are you going to have ? 	labels: Just an English muffin . What are you going to have ? 	episode_done:True
text:Canton Hotel . 	labels: I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . 
text: A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . 
text: How long will you be staying ? 	labels: Three or four days , perhaps longer . 	episode_done:True
text:Did your wife give birth yet ? 	labels: Yeah . She's a healthy beautiful girl . 
text: Congratulations . How is your wife doing ? 	labels: She is tired , but getting a lot of rest now . 
text: That's good to hear . 	labels: I'm just glad there were no complications . 
text: If your wife and baby are both happy , what more can you ask for ? 	labels: It's been a week , and I haven't slept that well . 
text: That's normal for anyone with a newborn . 	labels: Yeah , but it's so hard . I have to work , and then go home and take care of my wife and the baby . I'm going to get sick at this rate . 
text: You'll get used to it . After everything stabilizes , you can regain your health . 	labels: That's true . I should make sure my wife and baby stay healthy during this time . 	episode_done:True
text:We ’ re trying to get donations . 	labels: What are you getting donations for ? 
text: We ’ re getting donations for the campaigns . 	labels: How much money are you looking to make ? 
text: As much as we can . 	labels: Are you doing different fundraisers ? 
text: We ’ re just going door to door . 	labels: You should do something else . 
text: Do you have any suggestions ? 	labels: Try a car wash and selling candy . 
text: That is a good idea . 	labels: You ’ ll make more money that way . 	episode_done:True
text:Gongshan Development Co . , Ltd.may I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to speak your export manager , please . 
text: May I ask who's calling , please ? 	labels: This is Mrs Wang , from Jane coper . 
text: I'm sorry Mrs wang , but Mrs Fu is not in at the moment . 	labels: When will he come back , do you know ? 
text: As suppose you reback at 10 	labels: May I leave message ? 
text: Of course . 	labels: Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he return . he has my number . 
text: Ok , Mrs wang . I'll do that . 	labels: thank you . goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:Boy , come here ! 	labels: Yes , sir ! What can I do for you ? 
text: Bring me a cup of coffee , please . 	labels: Will you have it strong or weak ? 	episode_done:True
text:DO you have any plan for your future ? 	labels: I'd prefer to go abroad , if possible . 
text: Many people are striving for going abroad nowadays.It seems to be a trend . 	labels: I'm one of them . 	episode_done:True
text:How did your vacation go ? 	labels: I traveled the Three Gorges . 
text: What about the trip ? Do you enjoy yourself ? 	labels: Yes , we had a good time . The trip was terrific . We toured the Three Gorges by boat . Its realty exciting ! 
text: Did your boat float down the river ? 	labels: Yes . There are many places where the gorge is very narrow , with steep cliffs on both sides . 
text: Sounds dangerous . 	labels: Yes , but we have life jackets . And we got a real kick out of that . 	episode_done:True
text:how long did it take?	labels:it took us all day.	episode_done:True
text: I'm interested in signing up for your cable service.	labels: Alright, please choose the package you'd like.
text: Does this package get me all the movie channels?	labels: I'm afraid not. This is the basic package.
text: How much is it for the movie channels?	labels: That package is an extra $20 a month.
text: That's going to cost me an arm and a leg!	labels: You'll also get the premium sports channels.
text: Well, that does sound tempting.	labels: If you sign up for our email updates, I'll give you a discount.
text: Alright, I'll take the premium package.	labels: You've made a wonderful choice.	episode_done:True
text:What do you think are the main causes of war today ? 	labels: I ’ d say the main reason is poverty . Countries and their people get frustrated because they have so little . If their neighbors have some resources , they try to steal them by military force . 
text: It seems that a lot of wars nowadays are really civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country . 	labels: Several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end . 
text: How do you think they could be ended ? 	labels: I don ’ t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real problem form the war and solve that . 
text: So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them . 	labels: It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it ’ s harder to make peace between countries . 
text: Yes . It is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive . 	labels: The problem is that many poor people might suffer . 	episode_done:True
text:if we don't buy it, someone else will.	labels:you're right. let's buy it now. we can worry later.	episode_done:True
text:I've got to put together a sales pitch to give to our clients in the morning . You always give such amazing presentations , I was hoping you could give me some advice about how to win them over tomorrow . 	labels: Sure , it's easy . First of all , the secret to a successful oral presentation is to keep things simple . People are listening and they usually don't have a long attention spans . Stick to about three or four points , give an overview of the points , then present them one by one , and then summarize at the end . Be straightforward and organized and you're sure to be remembered . 
text: What kind of visuals should I use to support the presentation ? Do you think I should use PowerPoint ? 	labels: You should consider the size and interests of your audience . In other words , who is listening , and what do they want to hear ... you can put together a PPT with some graphics and animations that will catch people's attention , but be careful not to go overboard . 
text: I think I can put something together , no problem . But when it comes to tomorrow , I'll just be a bundle of nerves ! How can I get over my fear of speaking in public ? 	labels: You know , stage fright is very normal , most people get nervous before they have to speak in front of large groups . Just prepare well , rehearse beforehand , and trust that you will be great ... and you will be ! 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you today ? 	labels: I need to buy a new refrigerator today . 
text: Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? 	labels: I like that Kenmore refrigerator . 
text: This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . 	labels: Tell me about it . 
text: Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . 	labels: What are the appliances . 
text: It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . 	labels: I'd like to see it for myself . 
text: Go right ahead . 	labels: I like what I see . 	episode_done:True
text:the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.	labels:i think i might've bumped into her before.	episode_done:True
text:or you'll hear the collision if someone doesn't stop.	labels:or you'll see the collision if they crash into the house.	episode_done:True
text:anything else?	labels:yes. it's not expensive!	episode_done:True
text:Where ’ s Sally , Jack ? 	labels: She ’ s in the garden , Jane . 
text: What ’ s she doing ? 	labels: She ’ s sitting under the tree . 
text: Is Tim in the garden , too ? 	labels: Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree . 
text: I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree . 	labels: Tim is . 
text: What about the dog ? 	labels: The dog ’ s in the garden , too . It ’ s running across the grass . It ’ s running after a cat . 	episode_done:True
text:May I order some cable from you today ? 	labels: Okay , what package would you like to order ? 
text: I'm not sure of what packages you offer . 	labels: We offer packages with all the movie channels . 
text: Are there any other packages ? 	labels: We also have packages with all the sports channels . 
text: I want a package that has the basic and movie channels . 	labels: We have that available . 
text: I would like to get that . 	labels: Would you like anything else with your package ? 
text: That's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time ? 	labels: Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like . 	episode_done:True
text:Dou you think I should join a basketball team , Mary ? 	labels: Why not . If I were you , I certainly would . 
text: But I'm afraid it will take too much of my time . 	labels: As the saying goes , work value work , play value play . All work and no play make a jucky-dull boy , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:but what if i'm a fish in my next life?	labels:i think some fish have blue eyes.	episode_done:True
text:Have you had any kind of punishment in your college ? 	labels: Yes , but it was many years ago . 
text: What was it for ? 	labels: I was a naughty boy and I played hooky . So the school gave me a punishment to clear the classroom for a week . 	episode_done:True
text:He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means . 	labels: You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ? 
text: Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:It's a fine day today , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , it is.It ' s wonderful after the downpour . 
text: How nice seeing the sun back again ! The air is so fresh . 	labels: I hope it stays nice like this for a long period of time . 
text: Well , the weather is so unpredictable this time of year . 	labels: You're right.We don't know what is going to be like tomorrow . 
text: Look ! It looks as if it is going to rain . 	labels: The weatherman predicts a fine day today . 	episode_done:True
text:Tomorrow is my day off . I wonder if it's convenient to change our appointment from tomorrow to next Wednesday , still at the same time . 	labels: I'm afraid I won't be free next week . 
text: It's a shame.Will this afternoon be all right ? But I can only spare you an hour and a half today , from four o'clock . 	labels: That's OK . 	episode_done:True
text:What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing ? 	labels: Sure.Where would you suggest ? 
text: How about going to the suburbs ? 	labels: Sounds good . 	episode_done:True
text:you should loosen your belt.	labels:i already loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants.	episode_done:True
text:Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen . 	labels: Of course ! Where are the things ? 
text: They're all here . 	labels: Right ! I'll do it straight away . 	episode_done:True
text: Beer is a powerful drug.	labels: So are cigarettes.
text: Which would you prefer?	labels: What do you mean?
text: When you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.	labels: I could pick only one or the other?
text: Yes. Nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.	labels: Boy, that's a tough one.
text: What's so tough about it? Of course, I would pick cigarettes.	labels: But cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.
text: Well, you can't have everything.	labels: I don't think I want to go to your heaven.	episode_done:True
text: oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety	labels: Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey	episode_done:True
text:Are you OK there ? 	labels: Oh , my computer crashed again ! 
text: Can I help ? 	labels: That would be great ! I hate working with computers ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you please take a picture for us ? 	labels: Sure . Where would you like to stand ? 
text: Over here with the waterfall in the background , please . 	labels: OK . 
text: Then just press the black button all the way down . 	labels: Are you ready ? Here we go . Say Cheese ! 
text: It could be the battery . Let me Check it . 	labels: Is it the battery ? 
text: Yes , the battery is dead . 	labels: Do you have an extra battery ? 
text: No , I've only got one . OK , thank you all the same . 	labels: If you don't mind , you can use my camera and leave your address with me so I can send you the photos later . 
text: That's so kind of you . Thank you very much ! 	labels: You're welcome . Now smile ... 	episode_done:True
text:What happened to Nancy ? She is all sweetness and light today . 	labels: She is going to get married . 
text: No wonder ! Who is the bridegroom ? 	labels: I don ’ t know . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have much experience with kids ? 	labels: Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson . 
text: To tell you the truth , sometimes I regret having a baby so early . I have been making so many sacrifices just because my husband insisted on keeping the baby . 	labels: I understand . I was in your position before . At that time I couldn ’ t depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . My husband seldom stayed at home . 
text: What about your mother ? Did she help you ? 	labels: Yes , she did a little . But you see , Americans are different from Chinese . You can ’ t depend on your own mother to be a full-time babysitter . She could baby-sit only once or twice a week . That ’ s it . I had to care for them most of the time . 
text: I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don ’ t know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day . 	labels: Don ’ t worry . You can take night classes . I did that when I had kids . And soon your child will be old enough to attend kindergarten . Then you could find a job and work . 
text: Sounds not so easy to me . When that happens , I will be too old to learn . 	labels: No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that . 	episode_done:True
text:who's the greatest baseball player?	labels:there are so many great players.	episode_done:True
text: Extremely busy. I have been trying to prepare for the upcoming holidays. How about you?	labels: I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!	episode_done:True
text:When did you and Amanda meet each other ? 	labels: I met her about one year ago . 
text: So you met her right after you got to school ? 	labels: That's right . We've been dating since last September . 	episode_done:True
text:You want to go with him ? 	labels: Yes ? 	episode_done:True
text:what have you been doing?	labels:i've been working too.	episode_done:True
text:May I have the menu , please ? 	labels: Oh . I am sorry , here you are . May I suggest our lunch special ? 
text: Could I have a few more minutes ? 	labels: Of course . I will be here minutes later . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angels for next Monday . 	labels: Just a second and I'll check the schedule . 
text: I'll need an economy ticket with an open return . 	labels: American Airlines has a flight leaving at 9:25 a . m . 
text: I guess that's OK . What time should I check in ? 	labels: You have to be there two hours before departure time . 	episode_done:True
text:i must not use this finger until the cut heals.	labels:it might take a day or two to heal.	episode_done:True
text:Cheers ! Let ’ s tie one on . 	labels: Right , drink as much as you can . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to go shopping ? 	labels: Just a few minutes . I need to make a list of the things that we need . 
text: Good idea . Have you written down tea , eggs and potatoes ? 	labels: I forgot about the potatoes . Oh , I almost forget that we need a microwave oven badly . What kind of tea do you prefer ? Green tea or flower tea ? 
text: Let's just get both . Do you bring enough money ? 	labels: We don ’ t have enough cash , but I ’ ll take my credit card . 	episode_done:True
text:for example, a friend of mine licks his lips.	labels:when he licks his lips, you know he has a good hand?	episode_done:True
text:I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss . 	labels: It'll take us all some time to get used to the change . 	episode_done:True
text:have you attended school today?	labels:i attended school today. did you?	episode_done:True
text: My fingers hurt.	labels: Why do they hurt?
text: I type too much.	labels: You should take a break.
text: I need to type to make money.	labels: But typing is causing you pain.
text: Maybe I should see a doctor.	labels: Doctors are too expensive.
text: He might tell me to rest for a while.	labels: He might want to cut you open.
text: He might say I'm okay.	labels: He might say you have bone cancer.	episode_done:True
text:How did you two meet ? 	labels: To tell you the truth , it was completely accidental . 	episode_done:True
text:then stop eating the bread!	labels:okay, just one more piece. pass the butter, please.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you today ? 	labels: I need to buy a new refrigerator today . 
text: Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? 	labels: I like that Kenmore refrigerator . 
text: This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . 	labels: Tell me about it . 
text: Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . 	labels: What are the appliances ? 
text: It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . 	labels: I'd like to see it for myself . 
text: Go right ahead . 	labels: I like what I see . 	episode_done:True
text:it's not comfortable.	labels:it seems fine to me.	episode_done:True
text:Sarah , what did you do today ? 	labels: I went shopping . 
text: Did you buy anything ? 	labels: Yes , I bought a few things . 
text: What did you buy ? 	labels: I bought this coat . Do you like it ? 
text: Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? 	labels: At the mall on 5th street . 
text: Was it expensive ? 	labels: No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . 
text: That's cheap . 	labels: I know . It was a really good deal . 	episode_done:True
text:of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.	labels:let me help you make one this year.	episode_done:True
text:Do you take a bus to and from work ? 	labels: Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice.All the other buses are going the other direction . 
text: Hmm . I have the same problem . When I leave work , it ’ s always rush hour.So the buses are always crowded . 	labels: Oh , yeah , it ’ s terrible . I will tell you the funniest thing I have seen in China . It ’ s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt . 
text: That sounds terrible the way you describe it . But you know , not long ago I really suffered on the bus . 	labels: What happened ? Were you having a hard time getting on a bus ? 
text: You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding ! 	labels: Hmm . Good exercise , uh ? 
text: Yeah , absolutely ! 	labels: And it ’ s so much fun . One day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ’ s behind was pressed against my front . I was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her . 
text: You were so happy , weren ’ t you ? 	labels: What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm having problems with my computer . 	labels: What's wrong with it ? 
text: For some reason it won't turn on . 	labels: Have you checked the connections on your computer ? 
text: What connections ? 	labels: There are cords that connect your computer to a power outlet . 
text: Will the cords keep it from turning on ? 	labels: It won't turn on if the cords aren't connected . 
text: I didn't think of that . 	labels: Try it and see if it works . 
text: I think that I will , thanks . 	labels: It should work , but let me know if it doesn't . 	episode_done:True
text:How long has the company been in business ? 	labels: For over forty years . The original company Davies Engineering - was founded in 1960 by the Davies brothers in a small workshop near Manchester . They closed down the workshop in 1980 and opened up a new factory in Leeds . 
text: When did it become CABS ? 	labels: In 1997 - when it was bought by a German company . They set up two more business in the UK . 
text: What does CABS stand for ? 	labels: International Air Braking Systems . 	episode_done:True
text:What kind of change?	labels:They want tax cuts.	episode_done:True
text:Would you like to see our new shirts ? 	labels: Sorry , but I ’ m not really that interested in those things . 
text: Well , they are very nice you know . 	labels: Really ? 
text: And not expensive either . 	labels: Oh , I don't care about that . 
text: Everybody is buying them . 	labels: Are they ? 
text: Yes , they are very fashionable , you see . 	labels: I am afraid I am not interested in fashion . 
text: I see . 	labels: But thank you very much all the same . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English . 
text: I'm Mary Kelly . May I ask your name ? 	labels: My name is B . How are you , Miss Kelly ? 
text: I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please . 	labels: Thank you , Miss Kelly . 
text: What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist ? 	labels: I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute . 
text: Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test ? 	labels: Yes , I would . 
text: ( After testing ) Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to give it a try . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d love to have my own farm . 	labels: It would be very hard work . Are you sure ? 
text: I wouldn ’ t mind getting up early morning and the physical work would make me fit and healthy . 	labels: Running a farm would be totally different to you current job . 
text: That ’ s one reason I ’ d like to try it . I ’ d really like to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office . 	labels: You ’ d need a lot of training before becoming a farmer . It ’ s not something you can just walk into . 
text: My uncle owns a farm and I ’ Ve spent some time working with him . I love being in the countryside with farm animals and green fields . 	labels: Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while . 	episode_done:True
text:OK , that ’ s fine . Bye . 	labels: What happened ? 
text: That ’ s it , my lease is up . I have to move . 	labels: What ? Why ? Can ’ t you renew it ? 
text: The owner apparently is selling this place to make way for the construction of a parking lot 	labels: Well , I can help you pack . We should start looking for a new place for you ASAP . 
text: I think I might move in with my parents for a couple of months until I can find something . You know how hard it is to find a decent place around here . I ’ m gonna have to put most of my stuff in storage for a while . 	labels: Well , let me know if there ’ s anything I can do to help out . 
text: Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks ? 	labels: Hehe .. sure 	episode_done:True
text:  How much is the delivery charge?  	labels:  5% of the total order amount.
text:  That's expensive.  We're buying a large amount of office supplies.  Can you give us a discount on the delivery fee?	labels:  Let me talk to my manager.  	episode_done:True
text:Do you want some dessert ? 	labels: No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress ? 
text: Oh , here comes our waitress with our check . 	labels: The service here has been really great , don't you think ? 
text: Yes , the service was quite good . 	labels: So , let's look at the check . The total is $ 36.00 . 
text: How much do you think we should leave for a tip ? 	labels: Usually people leave 15 % , but this was exceptional service . I am thinking that maybe 20 % would be appropriate . 
text: I agree that 20 % would be just about right . 	labels: OK , so that will bring her tip to $ 7.20 . Add it to the $ 36.00 and the total is $ 43.20 . 
text: Yes , what a nice dinner that was ! 	labels: We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon . 	episode_done:True
text:rude people are everywhere.	labels:but what can you do?	episode_done:True
text:How was school today ? 	labels: It was great . I made some friends . 
text: Really , that's good . 	labels: But the lessons this semester are a little bit hard . 	episode_done:True
text:To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to New York City ? 	labels: Go to gate 18 . The plane is now boarding . You must hurry . 
text: Show me the fastest way to get there . 	labels: Instead of walking , you can take this shuttle to get you there faster . 
text: Do you think the plane will leave without me ? 	labels: No , I ’ ll call the attendants at the gate . I will tell them you ’ re on your way . 
text: Thank you so much . I would really appreciate that . 	labels: You are welcome . Have a safe trip . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you going to vote ? 	labels: I am so excited to be voting . 
text: Do you know who you ’ re going to vote for ? 	labels: I am so impressed with the candidate I ’ m going to vote for . 
text: What ’ s so great about him ? 	labels: I feel that he is very intelligent . 
text: Oh , really ? 	labels: Yes , and I agree with all his policies . 
text: That ’ s good to hear . 	labels: I think this man is going to be the next President . 
text: I hope so . 	labels: I ’ m going to make sure and get my vote in . 	episode_done:True
text:Peter , why don't you go outside and play basketball with your friends ? 	labels: No , Mum , I'd rather stay inside . 
text: I just can't understand why you want to stay at home . It is such a wonderful day today . 	labels: I prefer staying at home and watching TV . 
text: Didn't you just finish watching a basketball game on TV ? 	labels: Yes , but a football game is next . 
text: Oh , Peter . You really should go and play ball yourself rather than watching games . 	labels: I just enjoy watching games . 	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something . 	labels: I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband . 	episode_done:True
text:These three hours chatting with you have been very ... interesting . Could you please tell us why we're here ? 	labels: I want a new brand image . Something creative , something strong . Make no mistake , something with ... resolve ! 
text: What is our time frame ? 	labels: Let's meet on Friday to discuss your progress . Give me your e-mail address ... umm , I mean addresses ... We'll be in touch . 	episode_done:True
text:How would you comment on the paper ? 	labels: The paper editorials always stick to the quick . 
text: Don't you think it's a bit conservative ? 	labels: After all , I'm somewhat conservative . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , John ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages . 	labels: Hi ! Yes , it ’ s been a long time . I ’ m really glad to see you . 
text: I ’ m glad to see you , too . How ’ Ve you been ? 	labels: Just fine . How is everything with you ? 
text: Not bad . I finally bought a house . It ’ s an old one , but built really solid . It is close to here . Do you want to come over for lunch ? 	labels: I ’ d like that , but I ’ m flying home this afternoon , and I told my parents I ’ d meet them at the airport for lunch . 
text: OK , next time you ’ re here . 	labels: That ’ s a deal . 
text: I heard that you moved to Florida . 	labels: Yes , I ’ m in Titusville . The space shuttle is launched from near there . I ’ Ve seen a lot of space shuttle launches . 
text: Tell me more . 	labels: The shuttle launches are beautiful . I saw one that took off at midnight . The whole sky got bright . 
text: Sounds great ! 	labels: I ’ m pretty happy living there . 
text: I want to see Disney World , Sea World , Universal Studios , and Weeki-Watchee Springs . 	labels: I ’ Ve been to all of them . 
text: I ’ m jealous . I ’ Ve never been to Florida . 	labels: The Sunshine State certainly is worth visiting . Come down for a vacation sometime . I ’ ll take you to Disney World . 
text: That sounds great ! I ’ ll take you up on that invitation . 	labels: I hope you do . And keep in touch , OK ? 
text: I sure will . 	labels: Here ’ s my business card . Send me an email once in a while . 
text: Count on it . And here ’ s my card . Don ’ t hesitate to call me anytime . 	labels: Thank you . I ’ d better get going . I don ’ t want to be late for lunch . Mom would worry . 
text: Well , I ’ m really glad we bumped into each other . Have a good trip . 	labels: Take good care of yourself , Mary . 
text: I will . Good-bye . 	labels: Bye-bye ! 	episode_done:True
text: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	labels: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	episode_done:True
text:i like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote yes.	labels:don't believe him! whatever the tv ads tell you, the opposite is true.	episode_done:True
text:Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'm Mr . Bob , Room 309 . I'm checking out today . Can I have my bill now ? 
text: Certainly . Please wait a moment . Here is your bill . 	labels: What's the 30 yuan for ? 
text: This is the charge for your laundry service on Nov . 20thA 	labels: But I did't take any laundry service during my stay here . I think you have added someone else's . 
text: Would you mind waiting a moment while we check it with the department concerned ? 	labels: I don't mind waiting as long as we get this straightened out . 
text: I'm very sorry , Mr . Bob . There has been a mistake . We'll correct the bill . 	labels: It doesn't matter . Here is the money . 	episode_done:True
text: Lucy, can you help me with breakfast?	labels: Sure, Mom? Is someone coming over this morning?
text: Your grandparents are coming.	labels: Oh, how nice. What are we making?
text: Pancakes, eggs, bacon, and hash browns.	labels: Yummy! That sounds delicious.
text: I hope so. Your grandfather has a big appetite. I hope there's enough food.	labels: Mom, you always make too much food. It looks like a breakfast buffet every time they come over.
text: I want to make sure there is enough food. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.	labels: Should I make freshly-squeezed orange juice?
text: That would be great. Do you know where the juicer is?	labels: Yeah, it's on the top shelf of the pantry.
text: Oh no!	labels: What's wrong, Mom?
text: I'm all out of eggs. Tell your Dad to go to the store and buy some eggs. I'll start on the bacon and hash browns.	labels: Dad! Mom needs you to buy some eggs!	episode_done:True
text:So , got any more ideas for the website ? 	labels: Well , since we're collecting gifts instead of red envelopes , I made a " for guests only " gift chat room . 
text: But we registered at Macy's . People can just buy gifts there . 	labels: The Taiwanese won't have time to buy gifts in America . The chat room is more convenient . 
text: You're right . They can discuss what to get and avoid buying the same things . 	labels: Or discuss what gifts they could buy together . 
text: Any other ideas ? 	labels: We can also put a guest book on the website for people to sign and write comments . 
text: And we were going to make a collage for each of us using our baby pictures ... 	labels: Yeah , that will be the best part . Jack hasn't seen yours yet , right ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to talk with John with tongue ? 	labels: No , tell him I'm tied up . 
text: When should I tell him to call back ? 	labels: Tell him to call me tomorrow morning . 
text: All right . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? 	labels: Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . 
text: Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . 	labels: I know , I know.But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! 
text: Really ? What's the series about ? 	labels: Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . 
text: It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . 	labels: I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . 
text: Really ? that's interesting ! 	labels: Yeah.Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , Ralph , I heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . Disasters have happened before . If the spaceship were out of order . . . 	labels: You should be optimistic about this . Things have taken a good turn . You should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible . 
text: But is it possible that travelers could be hit by meteors ? 	labels: It's once in blue moon . 
text: What do you think is the real danger man faced in space ? 	labels: The main one is radiation . There are two sorts of radiation man must fear in space . The first is radiation from the sun , and this is particularly dangerous when the sun is very active and explosions are occurring on its surface . The second , less harmful , comes from the so-called Van Allen Belts . 	episode_done:True
text:What did you say ? 	labels: I said he was nothing but a yeoman . 
text: Then he become angry with you ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I borrow five bucks ? 	labels: No ! 
text: Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . 	labels: Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . 
text: I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . 	labels: Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral . 
text: Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me . 	labels: It's nothing personal , just business . 	episode_done:True
text:What are in this folder ? 	labels: They are reports of our company . 
text: Are they filed alphabetically ? 	labels: No , they are filed according to dates . 
text: Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please ? 	labels: No problem , here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:that is a joke.	labels:voting is so important, but people don't bother.	episode_done:True
text:Going to the cafeteria ? 	labels: No , I am not eating there anymore . I have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . The food served in the cafeteria is not my type . I am a total meat lover . But the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . They have been serving the Chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . Haven ’ t you noticed that ? 
text: That ’ s fine with me . I don ’ t hate vegetables and I don ’ t eat much during lunch . 	labels: Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I get for you ? Here is the menu . 	labels: Let me have a look . Well , how many kinds of steaks do you have ? 
text: We have sirloin steaks , pepper steak , and filet steak . 	labels: Is there something go with the filet steak ? 	episode_done:True
text:Dad , where are we off to ? 	labels: First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum . 
text: Where are we going to have a drink ? 	labels: There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ? 
text: Yes ? 	labels: That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank . 
text: Good . I will have hot chocolate . 	labels: A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green . 
text: When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you . 	labels: Sorry . How far is the museum ? 
text: I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop . 	labels: Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks . 	episode_done:True
text:It's time for your bath , young lady . 	labels: But , Mom , I'm not dirty . 
text: You need a bath every day . 	labels: Why ? 
text: Because you don't want to smell bad . 	labels: I don't smell bad . 
text: That's what you think . 	labels: If I smelled bad , I could smell me . 
text: I can smell you . 	labels: I can smell you , too . 
text: That's my perfume . 	labels: When can I wear perfume ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . 	labels: Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? 
text: I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . 	labels: It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . 
text: Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? 	labels: No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ? 
text: No , that's about it for now . Thanks . 	labels: Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening . 	episode_done:True
text: I have lots of friends.	labels: Really? How many do you have?
text: I don't know, maybe one hundred.	labels: That is a lot of friends. Do you have a best friend?
text: Of course. I have lots of best friends.	labels: How many best friends do you have?
text: I think about twenty-five.	labels: Hmm. I have only one best friend.
text: I feel sorry for you.	labels: I have only a few friends.
text: You must be lonely. I will share my friends with you.	labels: That's very nice of you.	episode_done:True
text:Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ? 	labels: Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago . 
text: Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ? 	labels: Well , it still hasn ’ t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is Shogun Restaurant . 	labels: Hello , I need to make a dinner reservation . 
text: Can you tell me what night you will be coming ? 	labels: We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night . 
text: What time will you be dining with us ? 	labels: Our first choice would be 7 
text: How many guests will be in your party ? 	labels: Four of us will be coming . 
text: Please just give me your name , and at 7 	labels: Great ! Our last name is Foster . 
text: Thank you , Mr . Foster , see you this Tuesday at 7 	labels: I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant . Thank you for your help . 	episode_done:True
text:well, i need some help.	labels:with what?	episode_done:True
text:I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside . 	labels: I see , sir.Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago . 
text: Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room ? 	labels: I'm afraid we have no extra key.So I'll send somebody to your room . 
text: By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out ? 	labels: Please drop it at the front desk when you leave tie hotel . 	episode_done:True
text:people are always getting up to use the bathroom.	labels:kids are crying or climbing over you.	episode_done:True
text:Great Britain Airline , anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Yes , are there any planes to Paris ? 
text: Hold on please , I will check for you . Flight GB152 takes off every day at 13 	labels: Yes , please . And I'll need an economy class open return . 	episode_done:True
text:Which institute did you choose in university ? 	labels: I chose the Institute of Foreign Language . 
text: How many departments were there in your university ? 	labels: There were a number of them , such as Department of Literation , Department of Journalism and Communication , Department of Art Design , etc . 	episode_done:True
text:I really hate to say this , but don't go away mad , just go away . 	labels: I knew this would happen some day . 
text: Then , why didn't you try to prevent it in the beginning ? 	labels: Well . It's not all my fault , Anna . You are responsible , too . 
text: I don't want to argue anymore . Please get out of my life ! 	labels: I think we can still talk . 
text: No way ! Please don't follow me around . 	labels: Talk it easy , Anna . You really don't hate me . do you ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , how much is the teapot ? 
text: Two hundred and thirty yuan . 	labels: I'm afraid I haven't got enough money on me . 
text: You can come later . 	labels: What's the time now ? 
text: It's half past seven . 	labels: I want to know at what time you close . 
text: We offer 24 - hour service . 	labels: Oh , that's great ! Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Remind me to never visit you.	labels:All the radios will be on extra loud.	episode_done:True
text:Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . 	labels: Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . 
text: How did you do it ? 	labels: I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . 
text: What's the secret then ? 	labels: It lies in perseverance . 
text: Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise . 	labels: You should have a try . 	episode_done:True
text:Taxi . 	labels: Get on , PLS . Where do you wanna go ? 
text: Thank you . Pls hurry , I am late . Can I get to the Battery Park before 4 ? 	labels: All right , Miss . I think we will get there if there are no delays on the way . 
text: How exactly do you figure out the car fare ? 	labels: According to the kilometer rate , the first five kilometers are 4 dollars and every kilometer extra costs 50 cents . 
text: Oh , I see . 	labels: Here we are , Miss . 
text: Thank you . How much do I owe you ? 	labels: You owe me 19 dollars . 
text: That's 20 dollars . Keep the change ! 	labels: Thank you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Look at this , A Brief Introduction of Hollywood . 	labels: Hackneyed theme ! 
text: What ? How much do you know Hollywood ? 	labels: Nearly everything . 
text: You are full of boasts . I can examine you by question and answer . What is Hollywood ? Where is it ? What is the function of it ? 	labels: Too easy questions . Listen carefully . Hollywood is the movie capital of the world.It is located in southern California . Many films have been made there , and the kinds have changed often . 
text: Not bad . What kind of film did it produce from the ready to mid 1930 ' s 	labels: Gangster movies . Movie-goers at that time could get a look at the people involved in crime and their violent activities by watching it . 
text: Mm . What came after that ? 	labels: After all that violence , people needed to laugh , so from the mid-to-late l940 ' s , many detective movies about policemen who solved crimes were made . Then came musicals . 
text: Pretty good . Please continue . 	labels: Right . By the mid - 50 ' s , this light-hearted genre was competing with films about more serious subjects . There was one kind that could be found throughout all of these years , and that was the , mm , the . . . 
text: The western films about America's cowboys , Indians and early settlers . 	labels: Come on . 
text: Since the early 1960 ' s , there are horror movies about people who encounter frightening , unnatural situations , and serious films such as documentarist about events that actually happened , and science fiction movies about possible friture and future worlds . Some people have also enjoyed watching psycho-dramas about the everyday problems that people have . 	labels: Any more ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can I give you a hand ? 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:I am checking out . Here is the key to my room . 	labels: Thank you . I'll just print out your receipt , and then you're free to go . Here you go ! 
text: Thanks . 	labels: If you don't mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at New York Hotel ? 
text: This hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in New York was thoroughly delightful . 	labels: That's very honest of you . Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time . 	episode_done:True
text:The client you're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions , so you have to be well prepared . 	labels: I see . 	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to order , sir ? 	labels: I'd like to try some Chinese food . 
text: We serve different styles of Chinese food here . But I'm not sure which one do you prefer . 	labels: I have no idea . Could you recommend some to me ? 
text: Well . Cantonese food is rather light , Beijing food is heavy , and Sichuan food is usually hot and spicy . 	labels: Oh , I see . I'd like to have hot food . 
text: If so , I suggest you have a taste for Sichuan food . Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot , but they have different tastes . 	labels: Really ? So do you have some specialties ? 
text: Yes . Roasted Crispy Chicken and Spicy Beef are our specialties . 	labels: All right . I'll have them . 	episode_done:True
text:he helped make the yankees the best team ever.	labels:and ruth was a good person, too.	episode_done:True
text:Robert , this is my friend , Mrs . Smith . 	labels: Hi , Nice to meet you . 
text: Nice to meet you too . 	labels: Mrs . Smith , what do you do for work ? 
text: I'm a doctor . 	labels: Oh . Where do you work ? 
text: New York University hospital in New York City . What do you do ? 	labels: I'm a teacher . 
text: What do you teach ? 	labels: I teach English . 
text: Where ? 	labels: At a high school in New Jersey . 
text: That's nice . How old are you ? 	labels: I'm 32 . 	episode_done:True
text:Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers ? 	labels: The headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . Few other stories made the front pages . 
text: Is there anything of interest to us in the business sections ? 	labels: There ’ s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company located there . 
text: Are the reports favorable ? 	labels: Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ’ s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is advertising for people who speak Japanese . 
text: That ’ s interesting . They must be thinking of moving into that market . Are there any interesting editorials ? 	labels: Not really . They all seem to focus on the election . There have been several letters printed in the chronicle regarding that controversial article on drugs that they printed last week . 
text: I ’ m not surprised . That article certainly added fuel to the debate . Ok . Thanks . Can you leave two articles and the advertisements with me ? I ’ d like to read them . 	labels: Sure . There you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Doctor , here's my report for my IVP examination . 	labels: Let me have a look . Can you see there's a stone in your kidney ? 
text: Oh , yes , is it dangerous ? 	labels: No , but it's painful . 
text: Do I have to have an operation ? 	labels: No , it's not necessary since the stone is not big . 
text: Good , I can still attend the Olympic Games . 	labels: Yes , you're lucky . But you should go to the Ultrasonic Department to disperse the stone . Meanwhile , I'll give you some herbal medicine . 	episode_done:True
text:the house burned down.	labels:what happened?	episode_done:True
text: I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?	labels: I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a copy of our service contract with Telecoms ? I'm not happy with their response time and I'd like to check the terms and conditions of the contract . 	labels: Sure . I've got a copy here . It's due for renewal at the end of next month . We've still got time to look for another supplier if you're not happy . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sara are you finished packing yet ? Do you need a hand ? 	labels: Thanks . Dad , but I can manage it myself . 
text: Make sure you have your ID card . You will need it while you travel . 	labels: Yes , I know . The problem is that I can't find it . Where did you put it ? 
text: All your important documents and certificates should be in the desk drawer . 	labels: Oh , yes , here it is . 
text: Sara ? 	labels: What's up ? 
text: Did you buy a map ? Traveling can be really inconvenient without one , and you could even wind up lost 	labels: No . Dad . We have a tour guide . 
text: Also , take these pills in case you have any airsickness , and take some cold medicine , too . How about some band-aids ? 	labels: No , I won't get sick . I promise . Ok . I've finished . Bye , Dad . See you ! 
text: Take care , dear ! Be careful ! Oh Sara , wait a minute ! You forget your raincoat and umbrella . 	labels: Dad , that's all right . I don't think it will rain . And it doesn't make any sense to take that many things on a trip . Besides I like to travel light . Bye ! 	episode_done:True
text:or we can go to the lake.	labels:or we can go to the ocean.	episode_done:True
text:some men do, but not me.	labels:i'm watching you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , how are you today . Here for your six month check-up ? 	labels: I'm fine , Dr . Beecham . Yes , just a cleaning and check-up today . 
text: Oh , fine . Let's take a look . 	labels: ( She probed my teeth and checked my gums . ) Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We need to fill that cavity before it gets any worse and the crown needs to be refitted . Make an appointment for next week and I'll take care of them . 
text: Okay , I'll do that , but my crown was just put on last year . Will my dental insurance cover the work ? 	labels: Since you had that done here , we'll take care of it . There won't be a charge . And , your insurance should cover the work on the cavity . Now , I'm going to have the hygienist do your cleaning and I'll see you soon for the other work . 	episode_done:True
text: The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?	labels: I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?	episode_done:True
text:What's our target audience for this campaign ? 	labels: This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . 
text: Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? 	labels: Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here . 
text: Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ? 	labels: Demographics say an average age of 28.7 , educational background of university or post-grad , annual household income of 40-50 K a year . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I am looking for cologne , small bottle . Can I see that one in the glass shelf ? 
text: Yes , of course , this one costs 260 yuan . 	labels: It's too expensive . 
text: If you think it's expensive . You can look at this one . 	labels: What's the difference between the two ? 
text: It's difficult to explain . But this one is really cheap . 	labels: Let me see . 	episode_done:True
text:You seem to be unhappy . What happened ? 	labels: My mother is ill in the hospital . 
text: What does the doctor say ? 	labels: The disease fails to respond to drugs . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , welcome to the Belt Department . Can I help you today ? 	labels: Yes . I need a belt that is kind of casual and kind of dressy . 
text: Then , perhaps a leather belt would work . Come here . Let me show you some . 	labels: All right . Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:she's kind of short.	labels:what height is she?	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m tired , Larry . Can we have a break ? 	labels: What ? You ’ re tired ? But we just started about twenty minutes ago . 
text: I know , but I ’ m really tired . My stomach feels funny . 	labels: What ’ s the matter ? Didn ’ t you sleep well last night ? 
text: I was too excited to sleep last night . I didn ’ t go to sleep until quite late . 	labels: Then when did you go to sleep ? 
text: About 2 o ’ clock in the morning . 	labels: When ? 
text: About 2 o ’ clock . 	labels: Oh , Susie . Didn ’ t I tell you over and over again that you wouldn ’ t be able to climb the mountain unless you got enough sleep ? 
text: You did , but I can ’ t help it . 	labels: This is a one-day trip . We ’ ll have to keep going and try to reach the top by noon or give up right now and go home . Which one do you choose ? 
text: Which one do I choose ? I don ’ t want to give up , but I really feel tired . 	labels: So , make up your mind quickly . Whether to keep going or give up . 	episode_done:True
text:The pants are fine, but the pocket has a huge hole in it.	labels:You shouldn't carry your keys and pens in your pocket.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? 	labels: Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . 
text: Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few . 	labels: So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ? 	episode_done:True
text:As you know I ’ Ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . I am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump-start my future . 	labels: I realize that I ’ m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve I'll gladly do what I can to help . 
text: Thank you . I ’ Ve really enjoyed my time here . I've grown both personally and professionally with this company . 	labels: And , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ’ Ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects . 
text: It will be hard to say good-bye . This office has become like a second home to me . 	labels: My feelings are mixed on the issue too . By helping you I ’ m losing a valuable and trusted employee . However I think you are taking a step in the right direction . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office ? 	labels: This is Professor Clark speaking . 
text: Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class . 	labels: Yes , what can I do for you ? 
text: I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ’ t be able to come to school today . 	labels: My goodness ! Are you OK ? 
text: I broke my leg , but it is healing . 	labels: How long will you be out of class ? 
text: I should be able to return by next Monday . 	labels: Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon . 	episode_done:True
text: Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.	labels: It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! They've got everything here . All the world's famous brands . Aunt Cindy , what is your favorite brand ? 	labels: I love all the fashionable things . But my favorite brand is Chanel . 
text: Oh , that's a very expensive brand , but with good reason . 	labels: Yeah . Each style is specially designed by world's top designers . So they can always make you look amazing . 
text: I see . Come here . The high heels here look really attractive . But I wonder whether it's comfortable to wear any of them ? 	labels: Not really , especially at the beginning , if you wear high heels all day long , your feet would hurt . But , no big deal . Women can always get used to that . 
text: It's not a simple thing to be beautiful . 	labels: Sure . But everyone loves to be beautiful . Hey , do you think this pair of sunglasses matches the handbag well ? 
text: Yeah , very tasteful . And with them , you look even more fashionable . Oh , there are so many French perfumers . Oops , perfumes for guys ? So strange ! 	labels: Come on . Fashion is not only for women . Men also share the equal right to chase fashion . It's the new fashion for men to wear perfumes , which is called cologne . 
text: Oh , really , that's really something new . I'm afraid not everyone can accept it . 	labels: It takes time for that . But people's consuming attitudes are changing quickly . 
text: That's true . Well , it's obvious that fashion is not a cheap thing . So , do you spend all your money on it ? 	labels: No . Fashion is just part of my life , which improves its quality . But also , I'm good at financing . I have a credit card , but I never overdraft . 
text: How is it that you are my mom's sis ? You two are so different . She always picks up bargains and spends more than she earns . You do so much better than her . 	labels: I have to say that's just the result of difference of our consumptive habits . 	episode_done:True
text:Quite a few times , I had my back to the wall . 	labels: Really ? Generally they will turn out to be a good thing . 
text: That ’ s right . 	labels: You ’ ll exert all your energy and get out of it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hilton hotel , may I help you ? 	labels: We would like to book a table for 6 at 7:00 in the evening . 
text: OK , sir . We will arrange one for you . 	labels: Can we bring drinks by ourselves ? 
text: Sorry , sir . It's not allowed in our hotel . 	labels: All right . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:It's rather cold , isn't it ? 	labels: Oh , yes , it is . 
text: Shall I light the stove ? 	labels: That's a good idea . 
text: Well , what's the climate like in your country ? 	labels: It's mild , but it's not always pleasant . 
text: Which season do you like best ? 	labels: I like spring . The days are long and the night are short . The flowers are in bloom.We go on picnics . 	episode_done:True
text:boiled? i never heard of that.	labels:just boil raw peanuts in salt water until the shells are soft.	episode_done:True
text:How long do I have to wait ? 	labels: Two hours.That area is a little backward . 
text: I see.The bus doesn't come so often as in cities . 	labels: You're right . 	episode_done:True
text:May I come in ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: How are you doing , sir ? 	labels: Fine , thank you . Are you coming for the interview as a secretary ? What's your name ? 
text: Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Li Hua . Nice to meet you . 	labels: Nice to meet you , too . Miss Li . please have a seat . I am Peter Smith , the General Manager . 	episode_done:True
text:we get a lot of things from cows, don't we?	labels:yes. a cow is man's best friend.	episode_done:True
text:I think if I ’ m going to find a job , I ’ ll look over the job board . 	labels: Well , there ’ s no doubt that lots of people have found employment in the help wanted section . 
text: Right , so I picked up a copy of the Sunday Globe this morning . 	labels: Did you get a copy of the Herald too ? 
text: No , why should I ? The Globe ’ s help wanted section is the best . 	labels: That ’ s true , but still the Herald lists some jobs the Globe doesn ’ t have . 
text: Not enough to worry about . Why do I waste the money buying two papers ? 	labels: It's only a couple of dollars more . For that much money you can afford to risk it . 
text: I guess you ’ re right . I'll get a Herald as soon as I finish looking over the Globe . 	labels: Good idea . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry to tell you that I have to cancel our appointment . 	labels: What's happened ? 
text: I must meet someone at the airport tomorrow afternoon . 	labels: I'm sorry to hear that . May we meet the day after tomorrow ? 
text: OK . I'll be free from nine to eleven . I'll be there waiting for you . 	labels: We'll discuss the contract in detail . 
text: Sure . I'm really sorry for the trouble I've made . 	labels: Not at all . See you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , madam , I am sorry for keeping you waiting so long . Now please follow me and I will show you your table . 	labels: Thank you . Is that a window table ? 
text: Yes , just as you have ordered . 	labels: It's very nice of you . 	episode_done:True
text:tell me about it.	labels:a gardening show follows a knitting show.	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear peter just retired ? 	labels: Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ? 
text: He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty . 	labels: Really ? He looks so young . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation ? 
text: Sure . May I have your name please ? 	labels: Lincoln . That's L-I-N-C-O-L-N . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:but you would buy her cd if she was pretty?	labels:yes. i would buy all of her cds.	episode_done:True
text:I need help with the office party . 	labels: Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ? 
text: I have no idea what the entertainment should be . 	labels: Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ? 
text: Let's make it a formal affair . 	labels: Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ? 
text: American food would be the best choice . 	labels: That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ? 
text: We should bring in a really good DJ . 	labels: That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday . 	episode_done:True
text:My goodness ! You ’ re kidding ! 	labels: No . I ’ m serious . I ’ m going to quit my job . 
text: That ’ s amazing ! You got a good pay here , didn ’ t you ? 	labels: It ’ s true . But I can ’ t show my abilities . 
text: Come on ! Don ’ t be silly ! 	labels: Your present job is something better . Why do you change ? 	episode_done:True
text:They don't really think you took it , do they ? 	labels: I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life . 
text: How many of them were there ? 	labels: Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that . 
text: What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ? 	labels: I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning . 
text: Oh well , that's it . They obviously think you're a desperate criminal and you have to steal to eat . I should think you'll get thirty years . 	labels: Hmm . Thank you very much . 	episode_done:True
text:How many people are there in your family ? 	labels: My immediate family is quite small . It's just my older step-brother , my mom , my step-dad and me . How about you ? 
text: I have a large family . I have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and my parents . 	labels: I didn't know you were a twin ! Are you identical or fraternal ? 
text: We're identical . I mean , we look exactly the same , but we complete opposites when it comes to everything else ! 	labels: Interesting . It must be great having a twin sister . Are you best friends , too ? 
text: We used to be really close , but that all changed once she moved to Shanghai . How about your family ? You didn't mention to your biological father . 	labels: I don't know much about him . He died when I was just a baby . Even though I don't have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , I consider them to be my real family . 
text: What about your step-brother's mother ? Does he keep in touch with her ? 	labels: No , she also died when my step-brother was little . My mother and my step-father met each other shortly after my father died and became good friends . They ended up getting married a few years later . 	episode_done:True
text:The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident . 	labels: Are there many accidents in the city every day ? 
text: Not really , but they are on the rise . 	labels: Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first . 	episode_done:True
text:I like this kind of weather . 	labels: Yes , a little breeze and a lovely moon . 
text: And it's calm . I like the peace . 	labels: Me , too . 	episode_done:True
text: What brings you in to see me today?	labels: I'm here for my annual check-up.
text: Well, the nurse already took your blood pressure and she said it looks a little high.	labels: That could be related to my thyroid medication.
text: That could be it. Let me listen to your heartbeat.	labels: Does it sound good, doctor?
text: Sounds nice and strong to me.	labels: I am concerned about some pain I've been having in my knee.
text: Are you very physically active?	labels: I'm training to run the marathon.
text: That puts a lot of pressure on your knees.	labels: I hope I don't have to stop training.	episode_done:True
text:Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday ? 	labels: I don't know . I'll have to ask my host mom . 
text: Come on , Mary . This is America . You make your own decisions here . 	labels: But I still have to tell her . 
text: Of course . 	labels: Tell you what , give me your phone number . 
text: It's 555-4321 . 	labels: Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday . 	episode_done:True
text:What's holding us back on the plant expansion project ? We were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago.Why haven't I heard anything about it ? Did the whole project just vanish into thin air ? 	labels: No , sir . The plant expansion project has been delayed.There was a snag up in the fling process to get the necessary construction permits.It seems that the property we were slated to build on is also habitat for some endangered indigenous species . 
text: You're joking , right ? No wonder we've been tied up with this project . I know the environmental impact statement will take forever to get approval if they've found anything endangered on the site . Are they positive there is evidence of endangered species actually living there ? 	labels: The environmental review board has a team on it now.Hopefully we'll know more by the end of the week . 	episode_done:True
text: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	labels: They're in New York. How about yours?	episode_done:True
text:I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend . 	labels: Sure , I think that would be possible . Where is the fundraiser ? 
text: It is in the park downtown . 	labels: Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday ? 
text: We will need it for Saturday only . 	labels: I think that would be OK . Who will be driving it ? 
text: Mary and I will be driving the van . 	labels: Could you drop it off on Sunday night ? 
text: Yes , we can do that . Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also ? 	labels: Yes , that would be fine . Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ? 	labels: Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon . 
text: Volunteer in a zoo ? What specific things will you do ? 	labels: I will help to prepare food , feed animals and clean up . I ’ m very excited about it now . 
text: It must be a unique experience . I ’ m looking forward to share your story when you come back . 	labels: Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you , sir ? 	labels: I need a hat . Would you show me some ? 
text: Certainly , here you are . 	labels: I like the black one . May I try it on ? 
text: Of course . It fits you perfectly . 	labels: Yes , I thinks so . How much is it ? 
text: It's forty-five yuan . 	labels: Can you make it much cheaper ? 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to order some internet today . 	labels: What kind would you like ? 
text: What kind of internet is there ? 	labels: You can get DEL or dial-up . 
text: Which of those two is best ? 	labels: I would recommend DEL . 
text: So that one better ? 	labels: It's better because it doesn't tie up the phone . 
text: What do you mean by that ? 	labels: DEL isn't connected through your phone line , but dial-up is . 
text: So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet ? 	labels: That's correct . With DEL you can do both . 	episode_done:True
text:Room service.What can I do for you ? 	labels: This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning . 
text: Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ? 	labels: Yes , I ordered the express service . 
text: Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ? 	labels: That's fine . 	episode_done:True
text:Hmm . You have three cameras . Are you a photographer ? 	labels: No , my company makes cameras.Well , I'm also a photographer , but two of these are for our display . 
text: I see . And what's in this bag ? 	labels: Egg tarts . 
text: I thought you said you didn't have any food with you today . 	labels: I thought you meant vegetables and meat when you asked me . Things like that . I don't have any vegetables . 
text: I'm sorry , Mr . Lee . Egg tarts are food too . We will have to confiscate these . 	labels: Confiscate ? 
text: Yes , we will have to dispose of them . 	labels: It's too bad . They are very delicious . 
text: I know . One out of every three travelers from Taiwan seems to be carrying them.They are being smuggled in by the thousands . 	labels: Oh , well . Not by me . 
text: No , not today at least . Enjoy your visit to the United States , Mr . Lee . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow , is that your sports car ? 	labels: Yes , do you like it ? 
text: I love it ! I used to always want to drive a green jaguar . Is it in good condition ? 	labels: Yt looks good on the outside , but the inside is a different story . It needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again . 
text: What's wrong with it ? 	labels: Well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive . 
text: When's the last time you had it serviced ? 	labels: It must have been a few years ago now . 
text: I thought all cars needed regular servicing on a yearly basis . 	labels: They do . Once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . It's only a two-seater , you know ! 
text: What else is wrong with it ? 	labels: The heating controls don't work anymore , so it always feels like it's about 100 degrees in the car — even in the summer ! 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: The brakes don't really work that well anymore either . 
text: Why don't you get it all fixed ? 	labels: It costs more than you think to run a car---especially when there are so many things wrong with it ! 	episode_done:True
text:Mom , is there anything in the fridge I can eat before dinner ? 	labels: There's some leftover pizza from last night . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: Um , I think there may be some leftover lasagna from the other day . 
text: Do I have any other choices ? 	labels: There might be some birthday cake left in the freezer . 
text: Is everything in the fridge leftovers ? I hate leftovers ! 	labels: You can wash the vegetables and cut the chicken and I'll make dinner ! 	episode_done:True
text:do you see all this gray hair? it was totally black five years ago.	labels:maybe i'll teach middle school.	episode_done:True
text:no pets, no smoking.	labels:i like that. let's stay three nights.	episode_done:True
text:I love breathing fresh air in the suburb places , while sitting in the morning sunshine . 	labels: I can't agree more , honey . We need to get away from work from time to time . 
text: Yeah , just return to nature and feel the thrills of its beauty . 	labels: We are nor alone here . So many other families ! 
text: Sure . The sunny days of spring are ideal for outdoor gatherings . 	labels: Well , let's go over there and put a blanket on the lawn . 
text: OK , you go back to our car and fetch the picnic stuff . 	labels: Oh , so heavy ! What have you put in here ? 
text: Nothing special . Food , drinks , and Daniel's kangaroo toys . 	labels: Toys ? Why do we need toys for a picnic ? 
text: He said he would like to be our tour director and he lined up many things to do . 	labels: Sure , then . May it really be a day of enjoyment . Other than that , we can also teach him something about science . 
text: Science ? What are you talking about ? Forget about your science , OK ? It's a picnic ! 	labels: I mean we can inspire him for a deeper understanding of the natural world . 
text: I can't agree on that . Just cut it out . Give him a break and don't spoil the day . 	labels: Well , OK . you are always right . 	episode_done:True
text:i like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote yes.	labels:don't believe him! whatever the tv ads tell you, the opposite is true.	episode_done:True
text:Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ? 	labels: Don't feel like it . I'm broke . 
text: Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ? 	labels: Just look around ? Ah , that's boring . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? 	labels: What is your address ? 
text: I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . 	labels: OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . 
text: What are your rates ? 	labels: It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . 
text: I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ? 	labels: Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up . 	episode_done:True
text:We'd like to have a look around your house ? 	labels: Yes , of course , please follow me . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: This is our courtyard . 
text: It's so spacious , about 40 square metres , right ? 	labels: Yes , about 46 square metres . 
text: Are these corn ears hanging on the tree branch ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Very beautiful and very interesting . But why do you hang them in the tree ? 	labels: They don't have enough time to peel it after they harvested them , so they hung them in the tree . Then in winter , they can peel corn ears in their leisure time . 	episode_done:True
text:yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.	labels:like fruit that is too ripe?	episode_done:True
text:I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ? 	labels: Fantastic ! I enjoy clubbing , especially those clubs with live bands . The only fly in the ointment is that the air is bad , full of smoke , and the music is too loud , so conversations are not really possible . Once I nearly got burnt by a cigarette . 
text: How did that happen ? 	labels: A wild dancer dropped it on my left foot and said nothing about it . If I had drunk enough and I would have had the bold to punch him in the face . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Black ? I'm from the Pacific Mechanical Company . 	labels: Oh , yes . Step inside , will you ? I'll give you an idea of what business I want to take up with you . Take a seat . We can go into details later . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Our speciality back in South Africa is wholesale supplying of screws , bolts , nuts , pins , studs , and that kind of things . 
text: For wood or for metal ? 	labels: For both . Now , do you make machines for producing such things ? 
text: Yes , we have a showroom not far away from here , Mr . Black . Are you free now ? 	labels: Yes , quite free until noon . 
text: Fine . Then , shall we go right away ? I have a car outside . 	labels: Have you ? That's splendid . Just let me get my things together . I won't keep you long . 	episode_done:True
text:that sounds like a good spot.	labels:we watch people walk by with their dogs.	episode_done:True
text:Have you finished ? 	labels: Yes , but dinner was excellent 
text: Would you like some of coffee ? 	labels: No , thank you . Check please . 
text: Yes sir , one moment please . here is the check . 	labels: Here is the two dollars , will you bring me the receipt ? 
text: Here is the change . 	labels: Please keep the change . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you mind if we call on you this evening ? 	labels: Of course not , we'd be happy if you could come.What time will you be able to come ? 
text: How about seven o'clock ? 	labels: Fine.We ' ll be expecting you . 	episode_done:True
text:don't let water get into any of the cracks.	labels:i'll squeeze the cloth so it's almost dry.	episode_done:True
text:Alright , tell me what you think . 	labels: Don't you think it ’ s a bit bright ? 
text: Yeah , maybe you ’ re right . How about this outfit ? 	labels: This dress looks lovely on you , but it ’ s not very practical , is it ? 
text: No , I don't have any plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just had to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It ’ s casual , yet sophisticated . 	labels: I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It ’ s too plain on its own . 
text: How about this scarf , these earrings , AMD an anklet ? 	labels: That might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet ? 
text: That ’ s a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense . 	labels: Thanks . You ’ d be ok on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet ? 
text: Yep . Here it is . What do you think ? 	labels: That looks great . Just one more thing---you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them ? 
text: The leopard print sounds fabulous . Are they a name brand ? 	labels: No , they ’ re a Prada knock-off for 1/10 of the price of the real thing . 
text: That ’ s even better than the real thing . 	labels: If I were you , I ’ d buy that now while it ’ s on sale . If you spend $ 100 , you get a $ 50 voucher for more clothes . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you ever worked as a tour guide ? 	labels: I have a little experience . I guided a few foreign tourists around Beijing last year as a part-time job . I showed them to the Great Wall , the Imperial Palace , and the Summer Palace . 
text: Then you may know that it's hard work . 	labels: Yes , I know . A friend of mine is a guide . He talked with me about his work , but I don't mind working hard . 
text: Have you applied with any other companies ? 	labels: No , this is my first . 
text: Is there anything you want to ask about ? 	labels: I'd like to be an overseas tour guide someday . Would there ever be any chance of that ? 
text: Certainly . There'll be a good chance of that if you work for this company . Not right away , of course , but in a few years , after you learn more about our business , you may go overseas with a tour group . Any questions ? 	labels: Yes . When can I get the decision ? I hope you can give me a definite answer as soon as possible . If I'd turned down , I ll have to secure a position elsewhere . 
text: All right , then . We'll get in touch with you within a week . Thank you for coming today , Mr . Sun . 	labels: Thank you . Good-bye . 	episode_done:True
text:I think we should accept his plan . 	labels: I'm afraid I can't agree with you . 
text: Why ? 	labels: Simply because it's not practical at all . 	episode_done:True
text:Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off . 	labels: What ? That would be to cut off your nose to spite your face . 
text: Then what shall we do ? 	labels: Call the police . 	episode_done:True
text:Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out . 	labels: The exact time ? Let me think . You know , it happened at night . 
text: But we need the exact time . What time ? 	labels: Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s try to get out of the supermarket quickly . 	labels: Yeah . I hate spending all day in there , too . 
text: What do we need ? Let ’ s make a list . 	labels: We need milk , eggs , butter , coffee , vegetables , fruit , bread , cheese , and some snacks . 
text: I want some pickles , oh , and we ’ re out of flour . Put that on the list , too . 	labels: Anything else ? 
text: Not that I can think of . Wait a second , we ’ re out of breakfast cereal . I think corn flakes are on sale . Get those . 	labels: No , you get those . I ’ ll go and get the fruits , vegetables , milk , butter , and eggs , you get the rest . 	episode_done:True
text: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	labels: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	episode_done:True
text:Professor , where's Canada ? 	labels: Canada is north of here . 
text: Can you show me on the map ? 	labels: Sure . Look here . Canada is north of the United States . 
text: Oh , I see . Where's Mexico ? 	labels: Mexico is south of the United States . 
text: How about Connecticut ? Where's that ? 	labels: Connecticut is east of New York . 
text: What state is west of Pennsylvania ? 	labels: Ohio . 
text: OK , Where's Los Angeles ? 	labels: Los Angeles is in California . It's southeast of San Francisco . 
text: Where's Boston . 	labels: Boston is in the northeast part of the country . 
text: Where is Las Vegas ? 	labels: Las Vegas is in the southwest . 	episode_done:True
text:Susan , Is the manager in this office ? 	labels: Yes . But he is meeting a client . 
text: Oh , that's too bad . I just got a phone call saying that my wife is now in the hospital . She is going to deliver a baby . I must take the day off to go to the hospital . May I talk to him to ask for leave ? 	labels: I am afraid not , but I think I could convey your leave to him after the client goes . 	episode_done:True
text:How would you like to pay?	labels:I would like to pay by cash.	episode_done:True
text:she asked you about your pineapples?	labels:i told her i had gotten the last two on the shelf, but i offered her one of mine.	episode_done:True
text:How many languages can you speak ? 	labels: I can speak French and German . 
text: How well can you speak them ? 	labels: I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well . 
text: Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ? 	labels: No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , stewardess . Could you bring me a blanket ? I feel so cold . 	labels: Sure , anything else ? 
text: I'd like a pillow as Well . 	labels: OK . Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	labels: So much turkey leftovers	episode_done:True
text:I have to use the ATM . 	labels: Is there a problem ? 
text: I don ’ t know how to use it . 	labels: What are you talking about ? 
text: I have never used an ATM before . 	labels: I can show you how to use it . 
text: How do I use it ? 	labels: You need to push your card into the machine . 
text: What ’ s next ? 	labels: Enter your PIN . 
text: What else do I have to do ? 	labels: Every option you can choose will appear on the screen . That ’ s about it . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you do me a favor ? 	labels: What is it ? 
text: Could you possibly give me a lift home ? 	labels: All right . 
text: Are you sure ? I don't want to inconvenience you . 	labels: No problem . I'd be happy to . 	episode_done:True
text:You look really wiped out . 	labels: I had meetings back to back all morning . Then the printer broke in the middle of putting together the Six Soap presentation , and the phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . 
text: Not a good day , I hate to tell you that Mr . Emory wants to see the designs for the Polish Paste Ad tomorrow morning . 	labels: I can ’ t believe it ! I guess I ’ ll be here until ten again tonight ! 	episode_done:True
text:i love most how it is at night after it rains.	labels:how come?	episode_done:True
text:Did you watch television last night , Charles ? 	labels: Yes , I did . 
text: It was a good game , wasn't it ? 	labels: Oh , I didn't watch the football match . I wanted to but my wife preferred to see the old film . 
text: What a pity . It was quite exciting . Both teams played very well . 	labels: How did it finish ? 
text: It finished in a draw . What was the film like ? 	labels: It was quite good . But . I missed the beginning of it because I had to eat first . 
text: Did your wife enjoy it ? 	labels: No , she didn't . After half an hour she stopped watching and started to read a book . 	episode_done:True
text:I opened my mail , found this eviction notice , and don ’ t know what to do with it . 	labels: Actually , it is a 30 - day notice to vacate the premises . 
text: Just for being a few days late ? 	labels: This isn ’ t the first time you have been considerably late with the rent . I need to start the procedure to evict you . 
text: Are you taking my apartment away ? 	labels: This is a notice to inform you that the sheriff will evict you in 30 days if you do not pay up on your rent . 
text: Can I keep the apartment if I pay my rent in full ? 	labels: You can keep the apartment if you stay caught up on your rent . Otherwise , I need to find someone who can make the payments . 
text: I will go write a check right now . 	labels: Thank you . I will need a cashier ’ s check or cash , please . 	episode_done:True
text:John , it ’ s time to get up . 	labels: It can ’ t be time to get up yet . 
text: It is . Hurry up ! You ’ ll be late for school . 	labels: What ’ s the time ? 
text: It ’ s nearly half past seven . 	labels: My watch says ten past . 
text: It ’ s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . 	labels: Are you sure half past seven ? 
text: Positive . I ’ ll put the radio on . 	labels: ( And here is the seven o ’ clock news ) It ’ s only seven o ’ clock . Your watch is fast . 
text: No , it isn ’ t . It ’ s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night . 	labels: I could have stayed in bed for another half hour . 	episode_done:True
text:Here comes the bus . I'll ring you up later . 	labels: See you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr . Miller's classes ? 	labels: Yes . Have you ever been in one of his classes ? 
text: I'm thinking about taking his class next semester . 	labels: He was a very easy teacher . Are you thinking of taking a class with him ? 
text: I'm not sure because I really need to learn something , but I also worry about grades . 	labels: Grades are important , but don't you think that gaining the knowledge is important , too ? 
text: I really need to learn this stuff . 	labels: He made everything so interesting that the time just flew by . Do you know what I mean ? 
text: Yes , that sounds right for me . 	labels: Did you know that he came here last year after 10 years in the military ? 
text: Yeah , I already knew that . That could be a good thing . 	labels: I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you . Enjoy your year ! 	episode_done:True
text:I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks . 	labels: I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here . 
text: Oh , that's too bad . Where can you park around here ? 	labels: There is a square in front of us , we can park the car there . 
text: Is a shop there ? 	labels: I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too . 
text: Just stop here for a moment . The police will not notice . 	labels: No , that's too risky . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . 	labels: Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . 
text: How long does it take to get there ? 	labels: About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ’ d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . 
text: Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! 	labels: Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . 
text: Great ! I ’ ll take it . 	labels: Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train ! 
text: I understand . Thank you very much ! 	labels: Have a great trip . 	episode_done:True
text:tell me when you finish.	labels:i don't think so. you'll just give me more work.	episode_done:True
text:Daniel , have you finished your homework ? 	labels: Not yet , Dad . I am watching Ultraman instead.No , no , Dad . Please . This program is on only once a week . 
text: Daniel , as a matter of fact , TV is bad for your health . 	labels: What makes you think that ? 
text: It's full of violence and you are so young . 	labels: But there are cartoons on TV . Bees , big trees , seas , and a lot of other interesting things . 
text: Wait . What's the time , honey ? 	labels: About 6 . 
text: It's homework time now . Go and do your homework and then go to bed.American Idol , There you go . 	labels: Dad , it's not fair . I am so disappointed with you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , here comes a bus ! 	labels: It's here at last ! 
text: How long have you waited ? 	labels: Twenty minutes exactly . 	episode_done:True
text:Where's your hometown ? 	labels: Shandong . 	episode_done:True
text:are you ready to go to the bank ? 	labels: sure , what do you need to do there ? 
text: there ’ s problem with my bank statement . There ’ s a mistake on it . I also need to withdraw some money form the ATM . 	labels: I have to exchange some money . 
text: that ’ s right . You ’ re going away next week . 	labels: I also want to see if my salary has been paid into my bank account . There was a problem last week . 
text: I have to pay my credit bill too . If I don ’ t pay it soon , the credit card company will charge me interest . 	labels: their interest rates are usually quite high . It ’ s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest . 	episode_done:True
text:your day was just like mine.	labels:of course it was. we work together!	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is 5735647 5 . 	labels: Hello , this is John . I wanna speak to Linda , please . 
text: This is Linda . 	labels: Hi , Linda . I want to invite you to a dinner tomorrow evening . 
text: Really ? What time and which restaurant ? 	labels: At seven thirty pm , Longing Chinese restaurant.And I'll go to your home and pick you up at 7 . 
text: Ok , I'll wait for you at 7pm at home . Anything else ? 	labels: No , have a nice day ! 
text: Thank you . Bye . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text:Miss , which is the movie channel ? I can't find it . 	labels: Let me help you . OK , this is the one you want . Push this button to change the channel . We have 6 channels in all . Have a good day . 	episode_done:True
text:Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ? 	labels: Don't feel like it . I'm broke . 
text: Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ? 	labels: Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring . 	episode_done:True
text:May I be of any assistance ? 	labels: I want to have a look at the microwave ovens . 
text: You can have a broad choice here . Are you interested in a particular brand ? 	labels: Not really . What are these toys over there ? 
text: Ma'am , these are complimentary with each purchase . How about that one below the toys ? This is the best seller . They are of the latest model that can be found in town . 	labels: I don't like its color . A bit too bright . Do you have a grey one ? 
text: Yes , we do . What a great taste you have ! But we only have one left in stock . 	labels: Really ? How so ? 
text: You know a good product will always sell ! Would you mind waiting for a while , we'll get it right away . 	labels: Okay . 
text: Here it is . It's very elegant , I think you will like it . 	labels: How about its quality ? 
text: Its durability will be a big surprise to you . 	labels: What about the price ? 	episode_done:True
text:Are you an art aficionado ? 	labels: Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ? 
text: I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art . 	labels: I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school . 
text: Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture . 	labels: I like sculpture , especially that form ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you . 
text: I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there . 	labels: That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ? 	episode_done:True
text:How are you today?	labels:I am fine.	episode_done:True
text:not a lot, what about you?	labels:i'm having a party next saturday.	episode_done:True
text:May I have my bill , please ? 	labels: That's $ 20 in all . 
text: Well , I am afraid you have made a mistake . Would you check it again , please ? 	labels: Let me see . I am terribly sorry , sir . That should be $ 18 . 	episode_done:True
text:What would my new duties be ? 	labels: Your main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees . 
text: Will I have the chance to take business trip abroad once in a while ? 	labels: Yes , you definitely will . 	episode_done:True
text:May I ask what the name is the girl ? 	labels: Which one ? 
text: The tallest one . 	labels: She is Miao Li . She's come here to see her brother . 
text: Oh , it's so . She looks very lovely . Could you give me some else information on her ? 	labels: OK . She's a costume designer and works in a garment mill . 
text: How do you think about her ? 	labels: She looks very beautiful . She is a nice girl . 
text: I'm wondering if she has boyfriend . 	labels: No , she hasn't . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry I scratched your car . 	labels: Don't worry about it . It's just a drop in the bucket . That car has more scratches on it than I can count . 	episode_done:True
text:Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths ? 	labels: Well , Mr . Parsons , as I mentioned before I ’ m someone who needs new challenges . I ’ m really focused and hard-working . I think my academic results prove this . 
text: Yes , true , but how about other personal qualities ? 	labels: Well , I believe I ’ m a good team-player , but I can also work well independently . I ’ m very enthusiastic and , well I hope my colleagues would agree , I ’ m fun to work with . 
text: What would you say is your most positive quality ? 	labels: Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , sir ? 	labels: I wish to buy a diamond ring . 
text: How many carats would you like it to be ? 	labels: I want five carats . 
text: Is this one suitable for you ? 	labels: No , it seems too old-fashioned to my fiancee . 
text: What about this ? 	labels: It seems too small for me , haven't you got any larger ones ? 
text: Then you can buy this one . It's very nice and latest in style . 	labels: Oh , this one is perfect . 	episode_done:True
text:Your total comes to $ 36.78 . 	labels: Put it on my VISA . 
text: There ’ s a problem with your card . 	labels: What ’ s wrong with it ? 
text: I believe it was declined . 	labels: You ’ re kidding me ! 
text: Do you have another card I could try ? 	labels: I only have one card . 
text: Do you have cash , perhaps ? 	labels: I don ’ t have any cash on me . 
text: You ’ re not going to be able to take these items today . 	labels: I ’ ll be back tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text: I have never bought a bus pass before. Do you know how?	labels: Yes I do. You can buy it from the bus driver.
text: What kinds of bus passes do they have?	labels: They have day passes, week passes, and month passes.
text: How much is the monthly pass?	labels: It's 64 dollars, but if you're a student, you can get it for 35 dollars.
text: Yes. I'm a student. I think I'll get the monthly pass.	labels: Since you'll be getting the student discount, you need to show your student I.D.
text: Alright. Thank you for your help.	labels: No problem. Anytime!	episode_done:True
text:This is Lincoln Bank , Consumer Credit Department . How can I help you ? 	labels: Ah , hello . I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan . 
text: We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan . The application process is pretty straight forward . I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment ? 	labels: Yes , I do . It's ready and waiting in my account . 
text: The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you , who are already contracted to us , so ... 	labels: Could I just stop you there ? Sorry to interrupt , but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want . 
text: That will certainly cut down the processing time . We can move on to the next step . Do you have the purchase price ? 	labels: Yes , it's 110,000 RIB . So , with the down payment done , I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB . 
text: What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form , ID card , proof of residency , proof of income , the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment . 	labels: Yes , I have everything here . OK , I'll come in and see you later today . Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week ! How exciting ! 	episode_done:True
text:whatever the cause, i hate seeing them on my face.	labels:well, on the bright side, they're fun to pop.	episode_done:True
text:Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? 	labels: Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English . 
text: I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? 	labels: Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . 
text: It must be interesting to study English . 	labels: Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . 
text: Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ? 	labels: Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them . 	episode_done:True
text:It's quite cold this early morning , isn't it ? 	labels: Yeah . It's already December , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: I hope so . I'm looking for some material for a paper I'm writing , and I'm not quite sure where to look . 
text: I'll certainly try to help you.What topic is your paper on ? 	labels: My paper is on the influence of television on children . 
text: There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television . 	labels: Thank you for you help . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir , Can I help you ? 	labels: I'm looking for a citizen for my wife's birthday . 
text: Oh , we have many kinds.Do you like this design . 	labels: Oh , it's beautiful . 	episode_done:True
text:I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job ! 	labels: don ’ t worry . I don't think you ’ re going to lose your job over one mistake . 
text: it was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , ONC small mistake can cost the company millions . 	labels: but it wasn ’ t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do . 
text: that ’ s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ’ s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ’ m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ’ s nothing I can do about tha 	labels: let ’ s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings ? 
text: I have enough to live off of for about 3 months . But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living ! I ’ d rather invest my money somehow . 	labels: well , that ’ s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money . 
text: that ’ s very generous of you . I guess that would work . 	labels: if you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ’ ll save plenty of money . 	episode_done:True
text:fine. what's going on with you?	labels:i'm having a party this friday.	episode_done:True
text:i really wanted you to come, but i understand.	labels:yeah, maybe next time.	episode_done:True
text:John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . 	labels: Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? 
text: He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair . 	labels: Is there anything else ? 
text: He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . 	labels: How old is he ? 
text: He is in his late thirties . 	labels: Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do Mona and Jim need a new house ? 	labels: No , they have a big new fancy house . 
text: Does Jim make a lot of money ? 	labels: Yes , he does . He is a science fiction writer . 
text: Does Jim need to make more money ? 	labels: Afraid so . The more the better . 
text: What do they need all that money for ? 	labels: Well , they spend it pretty quick . New clothes , new computers and new cars every year . And they ’ Ve got a cook and housekeeper.Mona used to be an actress , she likes to spend a lot of money . 
text: Do they have any children ? 	labels: No . They want children but no luck yet . 
text: What does Jim like to do ? 	labels: Jim likes to travel around the world.That ' s expensive ! So he tries to make a lot of money . 
text: What does Mona like to do ? 	labels: Oh , she enjoys spending money on fancy parties.Mona loves to wear sexy dresses , and she has quite a bit of jewelry . 
text: Wow ... She sounds like a high maintenance wife . 	labels: I guess so . She is also interested in politics . She knows everyone in city government . 
text: Politics can be an expensive hobby . 	labels: She is pretty serious about it . Her uncle is a mayor . She wants to follow in his footsteps . 
text: Politics is a hard game to play . 	labels: She might do well . Everyone seems to like her . 	episode_done:True
text:Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well ? 	labels: I know Mark is your only child . You may do it differently from what I did . Sometimes I would tap their hands when they made troubles . 
text: I do it , too . You know , sometimes when we eat , my child would pull a dish towards him and grab it with his hands and eat . And if it were something he doesn ’ t like , he would spit it out and throw it into other dishes . He does it very often . I really get mad . I can ’ t help spank him sometimes . 	labels: And what does your husband do ? 
text: My husband is an American . He criticizes me when I do that . He says that I can ’ t change a child ’ s behavior by using force . He is learning what I am doing now . 	labels: But spoiling a child is not going to do him good either ! You ’ Ve got to have patience with him and teach him . It ’ s not easy , I know . It ’ s hard . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello . 	labels: This is Soft , may I speak to Lamely ? 
text: This is Lamely . 	labels: Hello , Lamley.Are you free tomorrow ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Would you like to go to an activation with me ? 
text: I'd like to.see you tomorrow . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text: Can you tell us what you saw?	labels: I didn't see much. I was afraid.
text: Why were you afraid?	labels: The man had his hand in his pocket like he had a gun.
text: Did you actually see a gun?	labels: No, I didn't.
text: Did you see the man take the woman's wallet?	labels: I did. I was inside the bank waiting on line.
text: Could you come to the precinct and fill out a witness statement?	labels: Is it going to take very long?
text: No, it won't and an officer will drive you home.	labels: I guess I can go to the precinct then.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have experience in advertising ? 	labels: Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . 
text: What were you mean duties there ? 	labels: I mostly did advertising planning . 
text: What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? 	labels: I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . 
text: What was the most important thing you have learned at work ? 	labels: The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ’ t stop studying and creating . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Do you happen to have a gym here ? 	labels: Yes , sir . I think you'll find our gym quite satisfactory . 
text: So , where do I go to exercise ? 	labels: It's only one flight down , sir . Just take the elevator or the stairs . 
text: Am I going to be charged extra for using the gym ? 	labels: Sir , you can use the gym for free . All you need is your room key . 
text: Great ! Now tell me , what are the hours of this gym ? 	labels: Sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week . 
text: Okay . Do you have a trainer to help me work out ? 	labels: I'm sorry , sir , but we have no trainer . 	episode_done:True
text:What a pin-up she is ! 	labels: Can you imagine she's over forty ? 
text: That's incredible ! She has such a sharp figure . 	labels: Absolutely . She's a teacher of aerobics . 	episode_done:True
text:in China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people . 	labels: maybe that's why some young chaps often spend a whole afternoon in a coffee bar , surfing the net or just typewriting something with laptop . While they are savoring a coffee at a leisured pace , they 
text: yes . Behind a lifestyle , there is a culture . Young people easily become blind worshippers of a Westernized life . While they may not really life coffee , they think it desirable and enviable to be lavish 	labels: then what about tea ? We need to bear in mind in the first place that tea , rather than coffee , has been the most popular drink for the Chinese people . 
text: well . Tea represents another facet of popular culture . While a coffee bar is usually quiet and resonates with soft , elegant music , a teahouse is often a noisy , crowded , public space . People visit tea 	labels: what a pity that the traditional teahouses , as depicted Lao She , keep fading away so quickly in this metropolis . It is not easy to find an old-fashioned teahouse that suits the ordinary people's spend 	episode_done:True
text:where are the seats?	labels:they're behind the outfield.	episode_done:True
text:Have you seen the movie Batwoman ? 	labels: No , not yet . Is it good ? 
text: Yes , it's quite amusing , actually . Good plot , and Sharon Stone's in it . 	labels: Oh , she's good . She must be getting on a bit now . 
text: Yeah , but she looks amazing . 	labels: So what's the movie about ? 
text: Well , it's about this woman who got murdered because she discovered some company secrets about the cosmetics company she worked for . But then she got reincarnated as a cat . 	labels: Huh ? 
text: I know . Stay with me . She then decided to get her revenge by revealing the company secret and killing the boss . First , though , she had to discover her true cat nature . At the end she had a big fight with Sharon Stone , who was the real danger in the company . She had actually murdered the boss , who was her husband , and then tried to frame Batwoman for the murder , so everyone thought Batwoman was evil . 	labels: I see . Batwoman married the boss ? 
text: No . Sharon Stone was married to the boss , who treated her badly , so she killed him . So where was I ? OK , so then , at the same time she fell in love with a cop , who was investigating the murder of the boss . Finally , she ditched the cop to follow her feline nature . 	labels: Wait a minute , I'm lost . The cop killed the boss ? 
text: No , Sharon Stone did . 	labels: And Sharon Stone is Batwoman ? 	episode_done:True
text: nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 🙂	labels: Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!	episode_done:True
text:i don't really feel too well yet.	labels:do you want anything to make you feel better?	episode_done:True
text:Do you think we can go driving right now ? 	labels: Yeah , sure . Let's go . 
text: Buckle up . 	labels: All right . Now what ? 
text: Now you put the key in the ignition and start the car . 	labels: Which direction should I take ? 
text: Make a left on this next street . 	labels: Tell me how far to go . 
text: Keep going until I tell you to stop . 	labels: Okay , but let me know ahead of time . 
text: That's all for today , so park right there . 	labels: That was great . Thanks for taking me driving . 	episode_done:True
text:So you said you and Amanda met through a mutual friend . How did it happen ? 	labels: Well , my roommate was friends with Amanda , so he introduced us . 
text: Did he tell you what she was like first ? 	labels: Yes , he described her to me , and she sounded like my type . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening.can I help you ? 	labels: We'd like to have break fast in our room tomorrow ; Would you please arrange it for us ? 
text: Sure . 	labels: Shall I make an order now ? 
text: You don't have to . This is your knob menu.Just tick off the items you want for breakfast . write down the time and hang it outside the door before you go to bed tonight . 	labels: That's really convenient . 	episode_done:True
text:What seems to be the problem ? 	labels: I have a really bad toothache ! My cheek is swollen and I can ’ t eat anything . 
text: Let ’ s have a look . Mmmm . This doesn ’ t look too good . I think we may have to pull out your wisdom tooth . It ’ s pressing against your molars and that ’ s one of the reasons you are experiencing so much pain . 	labels: When you pull my tooth will you also have to extract the nerve and the root ? 
text: First we will take some x-rays and see what we ’ re dealing with . I also noticed a small cavity up front here , so you are going to need a filling . 	labels: I guess that ’ s what I get for not flossing or brushing my teeth three times a day . 	episode_done:True
text:How do you do ? 	labels: How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ’ m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card . 
text: It ’ s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens . 	labels: Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please . 	episode_done:True
text: Have you decided how you are going to vote?	labels: Do you mean on Measures 1, 2, and 3?
text: Yes. The ones that will improve our schools, roads, and hospitals.	labels: You mean the measures that will raise our taxes.
text: But the TV ads say that our taxes will not increase.	labels: Do you believe the TV ads?
text: I like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote Yes.	labels: Don't believe him! Whatever the TV ads tell you, the opposite is true.
text: But the title of Measure 1 is Better Schools at No Cost.	labels: The title should be Better Schools at Huge Cost.
text: I can't believe that they would lie to us.	labels: Of course they lie¬óthat's what politicians do!	episode_done:True
text:What did you say ? 	labels: I said it ’ s a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk ? 
text: Well , I feel a little tired . 	labels: Come on ! Rest breads rust . 
text: Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter . 	labels: I hope it won't be too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather . 
text: It won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park ? 	labels: OK ! See you later ! 	episode_done:True
text:How many languages can you speak ? 	labels: Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . 
text: You mean you can read and write both of them ? 	labels: No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . 
text: Can you read and write English well ? 	labels: I can speak the language better than I read and write . 
text: Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? 	labels: I think so . I used to be an interpreter . 
text: Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ? 	labels: The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm . 	episode_done:True
text:Where is the boss ? I need him to sign a few documents . I checked in his office , but he is not there . Is he out of the office now ? 	labels: Yes . Today is Tuesday , so the boss went off to his MBA seminar class . He is out of the office every Tuesday and Thursday mornings , and he has classes all day Saturday and Sunday . 
text: What's he studying ? 	labels: He is finishing up a special continue education program for executives . He can continue working , taking a few of classes here and there , and in 2 years he will complete his MBA . 
text: Sounds like a tiring schedule.He ’ s probably got a lot of homework too , eh ? 	labels: The classes have him out of the office , so that is stressful for him . But as far as homework goes , it is a breeze for him . 
text: Why is that ? 	labels: He just has his secretary do his homework for him . 	episode_done:True
text:I really need a new pair of trousers . 	labels: Do you ? 
text: Yes , I do . This one is very old now . 	labels: They look all right to me . 
text: They ’ re not all right . They ’ re uncomfortable and they look terrible . 	labels: All right . All right . 	episode_done:True
text:We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . 	labels: OK . Let me send a memo around . 
text: Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . 	labels: I don ’ t think he ’ s back today . 
text: Oh , that ’ s right . Go ahead anyways . I ’ ll fill him in . We can ’ t lose this order under any circumstances ! 	labels: I know , it ’ s a big one . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi . You said that you might need some help with preparing dinner . What would you like me to do ? 	labels: Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it . First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ’ Ve put them all in the skin and there ’ s a peeler . 
text: Ok , I ’ ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ’ m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small . ... wow ! You can chop vegetable really quickly , just like professional chefs on TV ! 	labels: After you ’ Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil . Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we ’ ll add some spices to flavor it . 
text: Which spices are you going to add to the meat ? 	labels: These ones here . The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add . 
text: Yes . We don't want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons of water ! OK . I ’ m really to do the meat . Should I cook it over a low flame ? 	labels: Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly . Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan . Don ’ t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan . 
text: Right . What are you doing over there ? 	labels: I ’ m mixing the sauce . It ’ s my specialty . I make it according to my own secret recipe ! 	episode_done:True
text:So , are we all ready to go ? 	labels: Yup , I think so . The car ’ s packed , we have munchies and music , and the map ’ s in the car . 
text: Did you get the camera ? 	labels: Got it ! Did you fill up the tank ? 
text: Yup , it ’ s all set . 	labels: You ’ re sure we ’ re not forgetting anything ? 
text: I ’ m sure ... we ’ Ve got all our bases covered . 	labels: Well , let ’ s get going then ! I love road trips ! 
text: Um ... do you think we can make a pit stop ? 	labels: But we ’ Ve only been on the road for ten minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Is this EYE computers ? 	labels: Yeas , It is.Sewen Jes speaking.How can I help ? 
text: Actually , I'm calling to complain about your service . The computer I bought last week is faulty . 	labels: Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir.What exactly is problem ? 
text: Well , easily , It doesn't work . It doesn't even start probably . 	labels: Oh , dear ! I'll do well I can . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm going to Japan this year on vacation . 	labels: Have you ever been to America ? 
text: No , but I'd really like to . 	labels: You'd like it . 	episode_done:True
text:Telco Mobile , how can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ d like to activate my voice mail service please . 
text: Certainly sir , we currently have a special promotion where we include voice mail services , call waiting and also three way calling . 	labels: Sure that sounds great ! Are there any other fees ? 
text: Not at all . No hidden fees or surcharges , it is a flat monthly rate . 	labels: Perfect . I also wanted to know if there is any call forwarding service ? I am usually out of town and would like my calls to be forwarded to a local number . 	episode_done:True
text:Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ? 	labels: She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't want any other woman.	labels:i will chop your toes off, one by one.	episode_done:True
text:This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think I could fall asleep ! 	labels: Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ? 
text: I'll have whatever you're having . 	labels: OK . How about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hello.Is Bob there , please ? 	labels: Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out . 
text: Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ? 	labels: He will be back at about seven o'clock . 
text: Can I leave a message please ? 	labels: Yes , certainly . 
text: Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon . 	labels: All right . I'll tell him when he comes back . 	episode_done:True
text:working.	labels:i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.	episode_done:True
text:did the cat bite you?	labels:no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.	episode_done:True
text:baseball is fun.	labels:i like to hit the ball.	episode_done:True
text:That's great ! We made 20 minutes earlier . 	labels: Good thing , we took a taxi . 
text: Mom , you are the best ! 	labels: Hey , look there . It is an advertisement of the piano training class on the billboard . The place is not far from our home . 
text: Mom , come on . What are you thinking about ? 	labels: Your sister is in high school now ; no one plays the piano at home . 
text: Don't tell me you want me to do that ? 	labels: Why ? Why not ! The piano is right there . 
text: But I don't like playing the piano . And the homework keeps me busy enough . 	labels: Anyway , I will have a look at the piano class after work by myself . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you new to this school ? 	labels: Yes , I ’ m new . 
text: Is this your first year in college ? 	labels: I transferred from another school . 
text: Where did you transfer from ? 	labels: I was at PCC before . 
text: Why did you transfer ? 	labels: I was going to go here first , but my grades weren ’ t good enough . 
text: Did you like it at PCC ? 	labels: PCC is an incredible school . 
text: Well , I wish you luck here . 	labels: I ’ m sure I ’ ll like it here . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry to interrupt you . Please take care not to make a mess while you are selecting goods . If you don't want it , please replace it . 	labels: Oh , I'm terribly sorry . but I couldn't find the yoghurt I saw here last time . 
text: What's the brand ? 	labels: San Yuan . 
text: Oh , it's out of stock at the moment . Why don't you choose another brand instead ? 	labels: I'm not used to other brands . 
text: You can have a try . Maybe you will like it . 	labels: OK . I hope so . 	episode_done:True
text:  So, Selvam, you said you like cricket very much.	labels: Yes, sure.
text: And who is the best player in the world? Cricket player?	labels: According to my view, Mr. Sachin Tendulkar is the best player.
text:  Oh, and he's from India? 	labels: Yeah, he's from India.
text:  OK, is he from the south of India or?	labels: He's north India.
text:  He's from north India. And he's a very good batter?	labels: Yeah, batsman.
text: Batsman	labels: Batsman.
text:  OK, so in cricket how many times do you bat in one day?	labels: How many times you bat?
text:  How many times do you get to try to hit the ball?	labels: Until you are out you can bat. Until you are out you can bat.
text:  Oh, really but you only get one time. Like in baseball you bat and another person bats	labels: No, it's not like that. Until you get out you can play.
text:  Oh, really, 	labels: Yeah. 
text:  Oh, OK 	labels: It's like that.
text:  Wow and do you play cricket with your friends?	labels: Yes, yes, I used to play cricket with my friends.
text:  You said this guys name, what's it, I'm sorry?	labels: Sachin Tendulkar.
text:  Wow! I don't know him. See I like baseball. Do you know who Barry Bonds is?	labels: Yeah, sorry, I don't know anything about baseball.	episode_done:True
text:of course not.	labels:why not?	episode_done:True
text:You have a lovely house , Jack . 	labels: Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately . 
text: That's too bad . What problems are you having . 	labels: Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over . 
text: I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ? 	labels: Go right ahead . 
text: Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room 	labels: Wow , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions . 	episode_done:True
text:Does your girl friend like swimming ? 	labels: Yes , she does . She is good at backstroke and free style . 
text: Then you can help her with the breaststroke and sidestroke . 	labels: But she wants to learn the butterfly stroke 
text: Really ? Then just ask her to follow me . 	labels: I heard you are now practicing underwater swimming , aren't you ? 
text: Yes . But I still have some difficulties it breathing . 	labels: Say , kid , keep on practicing , you're sure to be a first-class swimmer . 
text: To tell you the truth , I have never thought of being a swimmer . I swim just for fun . 	labels: That's good . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , how do I get to the Forbidden City ? 	labels: Follow this road and turn right at the second intersection . It'll be right there . 
text: Is it far ? 	labels: No , it should only take you about 15 minutes by foot . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? 	labels: Oh , I can't . I have a date ! 
text: Really ? Wow with who ? 	labels: This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . 
text: Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? 	labels: Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . 
text: That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ? 	labels: It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy . 	episode_done:True
text:Boy , come here ! 	labels: Yes , sir ! What can I do for you ? 
text: Bring me a cup of coffee , please . 	labels: Will you have it strong or weak ? 	episode_done:True
text:Brian , do you know how to speak English ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: Where did you learn ? 	labels: I learned in college . 
text: You speak really well . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How long have you been in the U . S . ? 	labels: 3 weeks . 
text: Is your wife with you ? 	labels: Yes , she just got here yesterday . 
text: Have you been to California before ? 	labels: No . I've never been there . 
text: Have you ever been to Las Vegas ? 	labels: Yes . I went there once on a business trip . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely ! 	labels: No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering . 
text: Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining . 	labels: Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ? 
text: Actually , the factory is located in Scotland . 	labels: Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production 
text: That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one ! 	labels: Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ... 
text: Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection . 	labels: Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ? 
text: I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis . 	labels: Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ? 
text: It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach . 	labels: Ah , get back to you . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . 	labels: What seems to be the problem ? 
text: I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . 	labels: Do you have a fever with that rash ? 
text: No , it just itches a lot . 	labels: I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? 
text: I need an appointment on Tuesday . 	labels: Fine , I am putting you down for 9 
text: I would like to see Dr . Jones . 	labels: I can schedule you with him with no problem . We look forward to seeing you . 	episode_done:True
text:What made you decide on this type of occupation ? 	labels: Oh , to tell you the truth , I love the sky . When I was a child , I imagined flying into the blue sky some day . Now , I think the day has come . My dream will come true . And I like travelling very much and I enjoy working with people . 
text: Can you make yourself understood in English without too much difficulty ? 	labels: Yes , I think I am quite fluent in English . I got the certificate of the Secondary English Training last month . 
text: Do you know what the responsibilities are for a stewardess ? 	labels: The main responsibility of the stewardess is to make the passengers relaxed and happy during the flight . And good service is also important . 
text: Are you in good health ? 	labels: I just had a complete physical examination and I am in top condition . 
text: Have you had any nursing experience ? 	labels: Yes , I have two years of nursing experience , and now I am working as a nurse in a hospital . 
text: How tall are you ? What about your eyesight ? 	labels: My height is one meter and sixty-eight centimeters . I've never had any vision problems . 
text: What would you say are your strengths and weaknesses ? 	labels: One of my strengths is my friendliness and open-minded attitude and also I think I have a warm personality . But sometimes , I find it is hard to tell others when I don't like what they are doing . 
text: If a passenger can't understand what you say , what should you do ? 	labels: I'll try to speak in another language or I'll try my best to use gestures and draw pictures . 	episode_done:True
text:where do you get that?	labels:i buy it at the dollar store.	episode_done:True
text:Oh , no ! My stub ! I can't believe it — I flushed it down the toilet ! 	labels: Excuse me , madam ! You parked in the handicapped spot . 
text: But , but ... it was really an emergency ! And , my stub ... 	labels: Don't tell me you lost it . 
text: Ah , umm , kind of . 	labels: That was quick . 	episode_done:True
text:Let ’ s call it a day . 	labels: It ’ s nice to go home earlier once in a while . But now it ’ s the evening rush . 
text: It ’ s hard to commute a long way . 	labels: Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam . 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , please ! Don't be so old-fashioned ! It's totally safe . 	labels: I sure hope you didn't trust anyone with your credit card number . 
text: All I did so far was make a bid on the Buddha . It was easy ! 	labels: Easy ? Ha ! ! It was easy for them to cheat you ! ! 	episode_done:True
text:I want to go to china for sight-seeing.What do you think of it , Mum ? 	labels: Why not ? China is a wonderful country . 
text: Will you go with me , too ? 	labels: No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy . 	episode_done:True
text:What's for lunch ? 	labels: Pork chops . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! 	labels: So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ? 
text: That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself ! 	labels: Have you ever written up a business plan before ? 
text: Well , no.it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ? 	labels: You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc . 
text: Well , that seems easy enough . 	labels: Wait , there ’ s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’ ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea . 
text: Geez . Is that all ? 	labels: Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment ! 	episode_done:True
text:i hope that i'll see you there.	labels:no doubt.	episode_done:True
text:I really want to switch things up . 	labels: What were you thinking ? 
text: I think I want to try a new style . 	labels: What would you like me to do ? 
text: I want you to cut my hair shorter . 	labels: How short ? 
text: I want my hair to be only a few inches long . 	labels: Do you really want it that short ? 
text: Yes , I've been wanting it short for a while now . 	labels: If you really want me to , then I'll do it . 
text: I'm absolutely sure that this is what I want . 	labels: Let's do it . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you watched today's news ? 	labels: No , I haven't . What's going on ? 
text: Did you hear about last night's blackout ? 	labels: Yes . The lights were out all night . 
text: Some people went looting because of the blackout . 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: People decided to use the blackout to their advantage . 	labels: People went out and looted ? 
text: I guess they broke into about four stores . 	labels: Did the police find who did it ? 
text: There's no evidence of who it was . 	labels: I hope we don't have any more blackouts . 	episode_done:True
text:I had a job interview this morning . 	labels: Really ? How did it go ? 	episode_done:True
text:Can you work over tonight ? 	labels: Sorry , I'm supposed to be with my son . 
text: Okay , I'll ask Bob to cover it . 	labels: Thanks . I appreciate it . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you had enough time to look over the menu ? 	labels: Yes , we are almost ready to order . 
text: Let me remind you of the specials of the day , which are posted on the board . 	labels: Oh , that all sounds so good ! Can we get the sauce on the side ? 
text: Yes , we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs . 	labels: I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices . 
text: Yes , the roasted vegetable salad is good , and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice . 	labels: I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles , please . 
text: That is an excellent choice , and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner . 	labels: Please bring our salads to us now . We are hungry ! 	episode_done:True
text:Is there something wrong ? You look so sad . 	labels: My house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture . 
text: No wonder you look so upset . Have you called the police ? 	labels: Yes , I have . But I have to wait . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like shopping ? 	labels: Yeah . I go shopping once a week 
text: Why don't you do your shopping at home ? 	labels: What do you mean ? I can't understand . 
text: I mean you can buy things through the Internet , that is E-commerce . 	labels: Really ? That's unbelievable . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ! Is this Mr . Chang ? 	labels: Yes . Who is speaking ? 
text: This is Kelly speaking . I am calling from London . How are you , Mr . Chang ? 	labels: Oh , Kelly , I couldn't recognize your voice . Well , I'm fine . 
text: Mr . Chang , I just want to tell you that we are leaving London for Beijing by flight CP 645 on Saturday morning . Could you meet us at the airport , please ? 	labels: Excuse me , I couldn't quite hear you . This line is crossed . Can you speak louder , please ? 
text: I will say it again ... Do you hear me now ? 	labels: Much better . I will definitely go to the airport to meet you . 
text: Thank you very much . Goodbye . 	labels: Goodbye . 	episode_done:True
text:i don't like to eat leftovers.	labels:i'm glad to hear there's something you don't like to eat.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything I can do for you , Mr . King ? 	labels: I'm leaving for Shanghai tomorrow morning . When do I have to settle my bill ? 
text: Is it all right for you to pay the bill this evening ? 	labels: That will do . Where shall I go to pay the money ? 
text: At the Cashier's Counter of our hotel , right in the lobby downstairs . 	labels: Would you please get the bill ready before supper ? 
text: All right . Is your companion leaving for Shanghai with you ? 	labels: No , he will stay here for two more days . Please keep the room for him . 
text: Shall I make out a single bill or two separate bills ? 	labels: Two separate bills , please . 
text: OK . I'll surely have the bill ready for this evening . 	labels: Will you give the bill to me at around six o'clock ? 
text: No problem . By the way , do you have any comment to make on our hotel ? 	labels: I have had a good stay here . Your service is wonderful . I'm very satisfied with it . 
text: Thank you for your compliments . You're welcome to our hotel again . 	labels: OK , I will . 	episode_done:True
text:I find that every employee here respects that manager very much . 	labels: Yes . He carries a lot of weight . Everyone here is willing to follow his orders . 	episode_done:True
text:i never miss the food and drink section.	labels:i gave a subscription to my parents.	episode_done:True
text:so, you didn't become a doctor.	labels:and now i'm glad that i didn't.	episode_done:True
text:lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.	labels:who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?	episode_done:True
text:nothing, except my favorite color is blue.	labels:maybe in your next life you'll have blue eyes.	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Loans . 	labels: Good morning , Mr . Smith . 
text: I would like to compliment you on your diligence . 	labels: Well , thank you , Mr . Smith . But I was just doing my job . 
text: Yes . And we're proud of you , Loans . 	labels: It's nice of you to say so . 	episode_done:True
text:i have to hang up. i'm so sleepy.	labels:it's not even 10 o'clock.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Dr.Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper . 	labels: Yes , of course.When ? 
text: Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 ? 	labels: Now let me check my schedule ... OK , you could to my office then . 	episode_done:True
text:let's go swimming . 	labels: But , we just finished eating lunch . 
text: I know , but I'm really hot . 	labels: I'd strongly recommend that you wait for a while before going swimming . 	episode_done:True
text:May I see your boarding pass ? 	labels: Here you go . 
text: 48C . It's on your left hand side . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Please fasten your seat belt , miss . 	labels: Oops ! I forgot . 
text: Also , please place your carry-on luggage either under your seat or in the overhead compartment . 	labels: I think I'll put my bag in the overhead compartment . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a restroom?	labels:Only for employees.	episode_done:True
text:What certificates of technical qualification have you got ? 	labels: I have got a computer engineer's qualification certificate . 
text: Have you worked in a computer company before ? 	labels: Oh , yes , I have . I worked part-time as a typewriter in a computer company when I was at college . 
text: Do you have any ideas on this work ? 	labels: In my opinion , it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: I bought the MP4 in your store a week before , but it doesn't work today . 
text: Have you brought your receipt ? 	labels: Yes , here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:when are we going to stop?	labels:we'll stop at the next mcdonald's.	episode_done:True
text:Mom , I'm ready for school . 	labels: Don't forger to come straight home after school . 
text: I know , mom . 	labels: Have you got everything ? 	episode_done:True
text:Who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor ? 	labels: I have no idea . To be honest , I couldn't care less . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Jack here . 	labels: Hello , Jack . It ’ s Mary . What are you doing in your office ? 
text: I ’ m working . I often work late on Thursday . I ’ m busy this week . 	labels: Would you like to come and have dinner with us on Friday ? 
text: Tomorrow ? No , I am afraid I won ’ t be able to . I ’ m going on business to Birmingham . 	labels: What about Saturday ? 
text: Sorry , I never go out on Saturday evening . I always watch football on Saturday evening . 	labels: Will you come round next Tuesday ? 
text: Next Tuesday ? Just a moment . It will be the twenty-first of May ? Oh , dear . Hum , I promised my aunt I ’ ll be at her birthday party . 	labels: What do you say next Wednesday then ? 
text: Let me see . Yes , Mary . Let ’ s make it next Wednesday . 	labels: Okay . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:  I cannot negotiate with this client!	labels:  What's the problem?
text:  He is so rude.  	labels:  When you negotiate with someone, don't take things personally.
text:  I know, but he makes me so angry.	labels:  Maybe that's his strategy.	episode_done:True
text:Guess what ! I know something you don't know ! 	labels: What's that ? 
text: How many planets are there in the solar system ? 	labels: That's easy . Everyone knows that there are nice . 
text: Not anymore ! Can you believe it ? They've decided that Pluto is not a planet anymore ! 	labels: Nice try . I wasn't born yesterday , you know . 
text: I'm dead serious . They've decided that it's too small to be a planet , but actually they haven't yet agreed on how big something has to be in order to be a planet anymore . 	labels: That sounds crazy . They can't just change their mind about things like that . 
text: Yes , they can . If you remember correctly , people used to believe that the world was flat . 	labels: I suppose you're right . They also used to think that they were so important that the sun revolved around them , not the other way around . 
text: We actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos . 	labels: Do you think that we'll one day be able to travel to another planet for a vacation ? 
text: I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way . 	labels: Do you think we'll ever get to meet an alien from outer space ? 
text: I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on Earth . 	labels: You're so old-fashioned . That's what people used to think about people from another country ! 	episode_done:True
text:I have here our price sheet on a F . O . B . basis . The prices are given without engagement . 	labels: Good , if you ’ ll excuse me , I ’ ll go over the sheet right now . 
text: Take your time . 	labels: I can tell you at a glance that your prices are much too high . 
text: I ’ m surprised to hear you say so . You know that the cost of pro - duction has been skyrocketing in recent years . 	labels: We only ask that your prices be comparable to others . That ’ s reasonable , isn ’ t it ? 
text: Well , to get the business done , we can consider making some concessions in our price . But first , you ’ ll have to give me an idea of the quantity you wish to order from us , so that we may adjust our prices accordingly . 	labels: The size of our order depends greatly on the prices . Let ’ s settle that matter first . 
text: Well , as I ’ Ve said , if your order is large enough , we ’ re ready to reduce our prices by 2 percent . 	labels: When I say your prices are much too high , I don ’ t mean they are higher merely by 2 or 3 percent . 
text: How much do you mean then ? Can you give me a rough idea ? 	labels: To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 percent would help . 
text: Impossible . How can you expect us to make a reduction to that extent ? 	labels: I think you are as well - informed as I am about the market for chemical fertilizers . It ’ s unnecessary for me to point out that sup - ply exceeds demand at present and that this situation is apt to continue for a long time yet . May I suggest that you call your home office and see what they have to say ? 	episode_done:True
text:  Hey Ron, can you help me?	labels:  Sure. What do you need?
text:  My printer isn't working.	labels:  Try to reboot the computer and the printer.
text:  I already tried that two times.	labels:  I see the problem.  Your printer is out of ink.	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear about car accident on Spring Road yesterday ? 	labels: Yes , I did . I heard that they took both drivers to hospital . One needed surgery . 
text: Yes . I heard he had a few broken bones too , but that the doctors have set the fractures without any problems . 	labels: The second driver was luckier . He had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound . 
text: Yes . He was released from hospital yesterday evening . The other man could be there for weeks . 	labels: I understand that he ’ s connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus . His condition can ’ t be very good . 
text: The hospital announced this morning that his condition is poor but stable . What does that mean ? 	labels: It means he ’ s really badly injured , but he will almost certainly survive . 	episode_done:True
text:My mother likes to split hairs . 	labels: What do you mean by that ? 
text: She has keen to buy something which is much cheaper . 	labels: Mothers like that . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I seem to have lost my son . 	labels: Take it easy , madam . And speak slowly . May I have your name first ? 
text: Shirley . 	labels: What's your son's name ? 
text: Daniel . 	labels: Can you describe his appearance to me ? 
text: He is in a blue sportswear and a white sportsshoes . About 1.4 meters . 	labels: OK , I see . Dear Daniel , please come to the broadcasting station when you've heard this , your mother is waiting for you . If other tourists see a boy in a blue sportswear and a pair of white sportsshoes , 1.4 meters , please ask him to go to the broadcasting station . Thank you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ? 	labels: haven't been sleeping well recently . 
text: what's the problem ? 	labels: every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings . 
text: well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an arrangement for a time when the room should quiet down . 	labels: yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon . 
text: I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept 	labels: yeah , I crave my own space . i just so tired of having people around me all time . 	episode_done:True
text:When do we get off the bus ? 	labels: I think we have a while longer . 
text: I feel like we've been on this bus forever . 	labels: That's true . 
text: Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: I thought you knew where we get off at . 	labels: I wasn't really paying attention . I think we missed our stop . 
text: Seriously ? 	labels: Yeah , we definitely missed our stop . 
text: That's the last time I get on a bus with you . 	labels: My bad.sorry ! 	episode_done:True
text:they are so weak.	labels:a little cigarette controls them.	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Mark . 	labels: Hi , Bill . I ’ d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . 
text: All right . 	labels: So , what do we do now ? 
text: This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . 	labels: Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ’ ll deposit one month ’ s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ’ s rent in advance . I understand that I ’ ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . 
text: Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . 	labels: Can I pay you by check ? 
text: Sure . A check will be fine . 	labels: Is there a laundry room in the basement ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Can I sign the lease right now ? 	episode_done:True
text:What does your sister look like , Mike ? 	labels: Well , she ’ s tall and pretty . 
text: Is she like you ? 	labels: I suppose so . We ’ re both friendly and easy-going . 
text: Is she as clever as you ? 	labels: No , she ’ s not as clever as me . 	episode_done:True
text:May I fix an appointment with Dr.Cui ? 	labels: Sure . 
text: When will it be convenient for her ? 	labels: Any time is all right , except Sunday . 
text: How about ten o'clock tomorrow ? 	labels: OK . I'll tell her . 	episode_done:True
text:What is your salary now ? 	labels: My present pay is RIB 3 , 000 yuan each month . 
text: What's your expected salary ? 	labels: What is important to me is the job and the people who I will be working with , so regarding salary , I leave it to you and I am sure that you will make me a fair offer . 
text: I can offer you 5 , 000 yuan per month . Raises are given after three months ' probation period according to your performance . Is this satisfactory ? 	labels: Yes , it is quite satisfactory . I accept it . 
text: Any question about the work ? 	labels: To whom should I report ? 
text: The general manager of your section . 	labels: What are the benefits ? 
text: We'll offer that on holidays . 	labels: I would like to know if there would be any opportunity to work abroad in the future ? 
text: Yes , we have inspection abroad . 	labels: Thank you . Then I think it's time for us to sign a letter of intent . 	episode_done:True
text:Yes , sir . What'll it be for you ? 	labels: Two hamburgers and French fries . 
text: Is there anything else ? 	labels: Give me two cokes also , please . 
text: Is this to go or to eat here ? 	labels: We'll eat here . 
text: Here you are . That's eight fifty . 	labels: And can I have some ketchup , please ? 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like traveling , Kathy ? 	labels: I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work , waiting for buses , or ... 
text: Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving . 	labels: Exactly . 	episode_done:True
text:"혚and you know you should be glad!"	labels:what a great song.	episode_done:True
text:how big is "pretty big"?	labels:it has about 140,000 people.	episode_done:True
text:Whoa , look at all those ice cream choices ! 	labels: Yes , that is a lot of choices . What is your favorite ? 
text: I love anything with chocolate the best . 	labels: I like chocolate myself . 
text: Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like ? 	labels: I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it . 
text: I haven't ever cared for that myself . 	labels: Have you ever had garlic ice cream ? 
text: That sounds absolutely disgusting ! 	labels: It was . Let's stick with the regular choices today , though . 	episode_done:True
text:I want to open an account . 	labels: What kind of account do you want to open ? 
text: I want to open a checking account . 	labels: Do you know the minimum balance you ’ re required to keep ? 
text: How much is that ? 	labels: You have to maintain a minimum balance of $ 100 . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes , really . 
text: What if I can ’ t meet that requirement ? 	labels: You will be fined . 
text: How much is the fine ? 	labels: It ’ s going to cost you $ 25 . 	episode_done:True
text: I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?	labels: lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good	episode_done:True
text:Lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ? 	labels: That sounds great . Where are you going ? 
text: I think we can go to the river , go around and have supper . 	labels: What should I bring ? 	episode_done:True
text:  I'm going to be out of town for a few days.	labels:  Where are you going?
text:  On a business trip to New York.  Can you keep an eye on my house?	labels:  Sure.  There have been a lot of burglaries these days.
text:  I know.  I'm a little nervous to leave.	labels:  Do you have an alarm system?
text:  No.  Do you have one?	labels:  Yes.  I feel safer with it.
text:  Maybe I should get one too.	labels:  That's a good idea.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , could you tell me my test results ? 	labels: Your results are posted on the website . Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers . 
text: Are you saying that all my results were normal ? 	labels: We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up . 
text: How will I know what the results mean on the website ? 	labels: The purpose of each test is given on the site . 
text: Will the numbers mean anything to me ? 	labels: The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is . 
text: Can I see all of my test results at once ? 	labels: Yes , you can see every test for the past five years . You can compare them . 	episode_done:True
text:i hope they fit.	labels:i hope you kept the receipt.	episode_done:True
text:I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . 	labels: It was me . I am so sorry . 
text: What did you think you were doing ? 	labels: I had to move it , so that I can get my bike through . 
text: How dare you be so inconsiderate ? That's wrong . 	labels: I am awfully sorry . I didn't think you would mind so much . 
text: Never do that again . 	labels: I promise . 	episode_done:True
text:he will end the war.	labels:the next four years will be good years.	episode_done:True
text:The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? 	labels: No idea . Your guess is as good as mine . 
text: It better be more than last year . 	labels: Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you going to do then?	labels:I'm going to get a job!	episode_done:True
text:It sounds like Bob's getting out of bed . 	labels: What time did he come in last night ? 
text: It was after 2 am . 	labels: Who was he out with ? 	episode_done:True
text:Are you free on Friday evening because we were wondering if you would like to come round for dinner ? 	labels: Oh , thank you very much . I ’ d like to come , but I ’ m afraid I ’ m busy that evening . 
text: That ’ s a pity ! Then when would it be a good time for you ? 	labels: Well , I ’ m not too sure , actually . I ’ Ve got a lot going on the next couple of weeks . Why don ’ t I call you later ? 	episode_done:True
text:i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.	labels:no problem. so how have you been?	episode_done:True
text:That looks like a bad accident . 	labels: Yeah , should we get out and help ? 
text: No , there ’ s a police car behind us . He ’ ll stop . 	labels: Looks like the one guy lost control in all this rain , and the other one hit him . 
text: Yeah . It ’ s pretty bad , that car looks like a coke can . 	labels: These accidents always cause traffic jams on rainy days . 
text: Yeah , it looks like we ’ re in for a long drive . 	labels: Ah , well . Put on the news . I got up late and missed it . 	episode_done:True
text:Besides , yours don't have side pockets like mine . 	labels: Cool ! They're big ! What have you got in there ? 
text: Just the necessities 	labels: Are you planning a trip to the Outback ? 
text: No , but you never know when you'll need a flashlight . 	labels: Well , my pants are very slimming . They're capris . 	episode_done:True
text:What are your views on Donald Trump as the America's President?	labels:That's a good question, well I am speechless.	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the Olympic motto ' Higher , faster and stronger ' ? 	labels: Well , it's better than ' Friendship first , competition second ' . 
text: Why ? In my opinion , it doesn't matter whether you won or not . The most important thing is participation . 	labels: I still think nobody plays for nothing . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think is the role teacher should play in the classroom ? 	labels: Teachers are just directors who give scope to the students ' initiative and creativeness , instead of taking their rights away from speaking . 
text: What did you do to put it into practice ? 	labels: I divided students into groups and asked them to generate their own ideas actively . It can help develop the problem-solving ability of the students . 	episode_done:True
text:We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ? 	labels: Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time . 
text: Oh , come on ! Just a quick one ! 	labels: All right , just a quick one . 	episode_done:True
text:Linda , John and I are going to get married next week . 	labels: That's wonderful . Congratulations . 
text: Thank you , Linda . We would love you to come to our wedding . 	labels: I'd love to . What date is it ? 
text: It's May 1st . 	labels: What day is that ? 
text: It's Saturday . Could you make the time ? 	labels: Yes , sure . What time will the wedding begin ? 
text: At nine sharp . 	labels: Very good ! I'm looking forward to it . Please give my best regards to John . And I wish you best luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.	labels:let me look. no, it's not there.	episode_done:True
text:I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out . 	labels: I think that looks like a very nice house . Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses ? 
text: Yes , I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet . 	labels: I love the beautiful lawn . What a great front entryway ! 
text: We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here . 	labels: That works for me . We can check out the kitchen next . 
text: On such a hot day , it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers . 	labels: Check out the flyer with all of the home ’ s information on it . 
text: What is the price of this house in the flyer ? 	labels: They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand . 	episode_done:True
text:Yo , G.How are you getting along with your classmates in the English training school ? 	labels: Not bad . Everything goes well . 	episode_done:True
text:Dad , what are we doing tonight for fun ? 	labels: We're going over to Mrs . Smith's place to help her with her yard work . 
text: Yard work ? I said ' what are we doing for fun ' , not work ! 	labels: It will be fun . And besides , you'll be in the best company . 
text: Dad . You're so cute . What do I need to do to help get ready ? 	labels: You could get the rakes and some shovels together and I'll put them in the car . 
text: Jeans and a tee shirt , right ? 	labels: Yes and maybe a jacket in case it gets cool . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , sorry to have kept you waiting . 	labels: That's all right . 
text: How are you ? 	labels: Fine , and you ? 	episode_done:True
text:So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet . 	labels: And you ’ re going to completely transform your eating habits , right ? 
text: Exactly ! I ’ m going to cut out all that junk I eat . no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food . 	labels: I ’ Ve heard this one before . 
text: But this time I ’ m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ’ m going to be a new man in one year ’ s time ! 	labels: Well , I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see . 	episode_done:True
text:hi , my name's Abby . What's your name ? 	labels: I'm colin . It's nice to meet you . What do you do ? 
text: I'm a freelance English teacher . How about you ? 	labels: I'm in between jobs at the moment . 
text: what kind of job are you looking for ? 	labels: I'd like to find a job with flexible hours in the IT field . 
text: have you ever thought about becoming a freelance IT consultant ? 	labels: no . Is it difficult to find such a job ? 
text: not if you are good at net-working . Do you like to meet new people ? 	labels: yes . I'm pretty out-going and friendly . 
text: do you have experience in the IT field ? 	labels: I have some . I worked in the IT department at a language school for four years in Spain . 
text: do you speak Spanish ? 	labels: yes , but not fluently . 
text: that's OK . Have you sent your CV out to anyone yet ? 	labels: I've sent my CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me . 
text: did you write a clear objective in your resume ? 	labels: no , because I didn't know what I wanted to do . 
text: I think you need to update your CV . Bring it over to my office tomorrow and I'll help you with it . 	labels: thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then ! 	episode_done:True
text: Old movies are the best.	labels: Even though they're in black and white.
text: A good story is more important than color.	labels: Actors didn't curse back then.
text: And there was no violence.	labels: People today don't like that.
text: No, today people like lots of action.	labels: I like a good story.
text: I like to see actors who are like real people.	labels: Like real people with real problems.
text: They still make movies like that.	labels: Yes, but they never make much money.	episode_done:True
text:oh, my goodness. no one is safe on the streets.	labels:now he's slowing down.	episode_done:True
text:thank you.	labels:i hope they fit.	episode_done:True
text:i mean, someone used their dirty hands to pick the bananas, the apples, and the oranges.	labels:well, you better save a wipe for the dirty dollar bills you're going to pay with.	episode_done:True
text:you're talking to her.	labels:i've called you a hundred times today.	episode_done:True
text:This is today ’ s schedule . At eight thirty , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the stafffor preventatives . 	labels: That ’ s great . What are the prizes ? 
text: 3000 RIB as bonus for each person . 	labels: To encourage the staff increases . 
text: Ok . Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM . At 12 AM , back here for lunch . 	labels: What about the afternoon ? 	episode_done:True
text:Could you tell me the time ? 	labels: Pardon ? 
text: What time is it , please ? 	labels: It's 9:30 . 	episode_done:True
text:What are my choices for lunch ? 	labels: We have beef with rice and fish with noodles . Which would you like ? 
text: Fish with noodles , please . 	labels: Would you care for coffee or tea ? 	episode_done:True
text:Have the owners answered back with a counter-offer for my offer to purchase the house ? 	labels: In response to your offer , the sellers have decided to counter-offer three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars . 
text: That sounds pretty good to me , but I am not sure what to do . 	labels: You can accept this offer or decline it and come up with another offer . 
text: If I make another offer and they refuse , then what ? 	labels: Personally , I would consider making one more offer , but it is up to you to decide what to do . 
text: Let ’ s try going with three hundred and thirty thousand dollars for a counter-offer . 	labels: I will contact the sellers with your current offer . 
text: Do you think that this will move along fairly quickly ? 	labels: Usually the response to the second offer moves along a bit more quickly than the first one . 	episode_done:True
text:The teacher just canceled the test . 	labels: Are you kidding ? 	episode_done:True
text:Taxi ! Taxi ! Could you help me load these luggage in the trunk ? 	labels: Let me just park my car in a better position . Alright , miss . Where ’ s the luggage ? 	episode_done:True
text:How long have you been in Taiwan ? 	labels: About 3 years , so I came here 2000 . 
text: So , where did you grow up ? 	labels: Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it ? 
text: I am not sure , where exactly is it ? 	labels: Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here ? 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . : Please open your books to page 10 . ( To Mary ) Can I help you ? 	labels: I'm sorry that I'm late . I couldn't find the room . 
text: Mr . : That's alright . It's the first day of school , after all . 	labels: What are we doing ? 
text: Mr . : I'm asking the class to read page 10 to themselves . Then I'm going to ask some questions about the passage . 	labels: May I have a book ? 	episode_done:True
text:So that will be one teddy , two terry cloth robes , three pairs of satin slippers , and two pairs of pajamas . 	labels: Does all that come to 10,000 NT ? 
text: Let me see ... yes , 15,880 NT . After the discount , your total comes to 12,704 NT . Here's your free teddy bear , free panties and your card application . 	labels: Where do I sign ? 
text: Right here . And write your address . You'll get the card in the mail within a week . 	labels: OK . 
text: I know your friend will like the gift set , especially the teddy bear . 	labels: Well , the teddy bear is for me ! 	episode_done:True
text: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do 🙂	labels: what food do you like to eat?	episode_done:True
text:We've got very good workshop facilities here . We do all our own servicing and most repairs . We have separate areas for welding , grinding and sawing . 	labels: Is there anything you don't do in-house ? 
text: Yes . If we don't have the facilities to deal with it here , we send it out for maintenance . 	labels: Is that more expensive ? 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , Miss ? 	labels: I want to buy a bottle of perfume for myself . 
text: Well , here is a perfume kind for women . 	labels: I don't like strong perfumes . 
text: How about this Isawell's flowery perfume ? 	labels: I don't think it smells nice . 
text: Do you have green tea perfume ? 	labels: Yes , here you are . 
text: May I have a look at this ? 	labels: Sure . The bittersweet perfume has a calming effect on the nerves . 
text: I like this fragrance . 	labels: How much is it ? 
text: 150 yuan . 	labels: I'll take it . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any plan to buy a house in this city ? 	labels: Absolutely we need a house here . But what makes me upset is the prices in this city . 
text: Our monthly salary can not buy one square meter of the house here . 	labels: It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher . 
text: More and more people need to buy houses , but the market can not meet the needs , so this caused the bubble in real estate industry . 	labels: And the rich still wants to buy more , even though they have at least one house to live . 
text: Have you watched the TV series , Humble Abode ? 	labels: Yes , it displays some social problems and interprets the values of our white-collars . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you with something ? 	labels: I need to cancel one of my accounts . 
text: Is there a problem with it ? 	labels: I don ’ t need it anymore . 
text: What would you like to do with all the money in this account ? 	labels: Just transfer it over to my remaining account . 
text: I can do that . 	labels: That would be great . 
text: Do you want to take any money out ? 	labels: Not today . 
text: It ’ s going to take a moment for me to cancel your account . 	labels: That ’ s fine . Take your time . 	episode_done:True
text:When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it . 	labels: The last straw , huh ? 
text: Yes , he's really pushed me too far . 	labels: I know what you mean . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you , Ma'am ? 	labels: I want to buy a cell phone for my daughter . 
text: How old is she ? 	labels: She is 17 . It's for her birthday . 
text: We have a new-fashioned cell phone especially designed for young girls . The brand name is Nokia . 	labels: Thanks , but I want to have a look at the Motorola's products . 
text: Sure . This is the one I will not hesitate to recommend . Its color and style is so attractive and also the quality is really reliable . 	labels: Sounds perfect . I'll take the pink one . Can you pack it for me ? 
text: Sure . By the way , here are some free adornments . Would you like one ? 	labels: Why not ? The Sweetheart pendant matches the cell phone well . I'd take this one . 
text: Have a seat over there . I'll pack it up for you right away . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 	labels: Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening . 
text: You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health . 	labels: You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit . 
text: But you should make up your mind first . 	labels: You know , I often have to work til late at night . I need something to keep me awake . 
text: Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work . 	labels: Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is Francis . 	labels: Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report . 
text: Today , I am busy all day long . 	labels: Shall I see you on Friday morning ? 
text: That ’ s not good for me at all . It ’ ll have to be another time . 	labels: We must find some time to read report . 
text: I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon . 	labels: That ’ s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon . 	episode_done:True
text:How was your shopping trip Martin ? 	labels: Actually it was the most interesting day I ’ Ve had so far . 
text: Oh really ? Did you find any bargains ? 	labels: I did ! I found this lovely teapot . It was the best one I saw in the shops . 
text: And how did you get around town ? 	labels: I took a taxi . It seemed the easiest thing to do . 
text: Right , so you didn ’ t get lost ? 	labels: I did actually but I think I met some of the friendliest people in China . They soon showed me the way ! 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . : For tomorrow , read pages 12 to 20 . Then do exercises one through ten on page 21 . 	labels: Do we have to type out our homework ? 
text: Mr . : No . You only do that when you write reports . 	labels: Is there anything else ? 
text: Mr . : For those of you who don't have a calculator , get one . 	labels: We are allowed to use a calculator in class ? 	episode_done:True
text:Why do you want to be a tour guide ? 	labels: I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people . 
text: What courses have you completed at college ? 	labels: I have studied English , tourist culture , guiding methods and techniques and so on . 
text: Have you learned any other foreign languages ? 	labels: Yes , I have learned Japanese as well . 
text: Do you know that is a hard job ? 	labels: Yes , I know . But I don't mind working hard . 
text: Is there anything you want to ask about ? 	labels: No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , madam . May I see your ticket , please ? 	labels: I'm afraid I have lost my ticket . Can I buy one again ? 
text: Where are you going ? 	labels: I'm going to Nanchang . 
text: Where did you begin your journey ? 	labels: At Huangshan . 
text: OK . Here you are . 	labels: And by the way , what time shall we get to Nanchang ? 
text: We'll get there around 7:45 in the morning . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like a facial . 	labels: Which kind would you like ? We have five different varieties of facials . 
text: Which would you recommend ? 	labels: Well , since it's summer , and I had looked that you had quite a bit sun , I'll recommend our summer special , it's specially suited for individuals with sensitive skin . 
text: What does it included ? 	labels: The facial will start with thorough cleansing . 
text: Does it include facial mask and massage ? 	labels: Yes , the reviving mask will promote blood circulation and tighten your skin . You can also choose to get hand or back massage as well . 
text: Will it exfoliate the skin as well ? 	labels: Yes , we also apply a special day cream that protect the skin from the sun and the night cream that moisturize to the skin . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm searching for an old music box . 	labels: You came to the right place . Any particular decade ? 
text: If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice . 	labels: We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six . 
text: Would any of them have dancing figures ? 	labels: Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures . 
text: Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think . 	labels: That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ? 
text: One last question 	labels: Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . " 
text: I guess I was asking for too much . 	labels: If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet . 	episode_done:True
text:are you interested?	labels:maybe. what is she like?	episode_done:True
text:Doctor , can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy ? 	labels: Well , first of all , you need to make sure that you eat the right foods . 
text: What are the best foods to eat ? 	labels: You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables , along with whole grains and protein . 
text: What should I avoid ? 	labels: You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods . You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine . 
text: What else is important to stay healthy ? 	labels: You need to get plenty of exercise every day . If you smoke , you need to stop . 
text: Is it OK to drink alcohol ? 	labels: Actually , studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don ’ t drink . 	episode_done:True
text:I've come to say goodbye . 	labels: When do you leave ? 
text: I'm catching the eleven o'clock train . 	labels: Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you making what I think you're making ? 	labels: Nothing but the best , Cinnamon toast . 
text: What a nostalgic food ! 	labels: Why the drama ? Have you been watching soap operas ? 
text: No . Just the smell of bread toasting to a perfect golden brown ... 	labels: Brings back memories ? 	episode_done:True
text:What do you want to know about me ? 	labels: How about your academic records at college ? 
text: The average grade of all my courses is above 85 . 	labels: In which subject did you get the highest marks ? 
text: In mathematics I got a 98 . 	labels: Have you received any scholarships ? 
text: Yes , I have , and three times in total . 	labels: Have you been a class leader ? 
text: I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years . 	labels: Did you join in any club activities ? 
text: I was an aerobics team member in college . 	labels: What sport are you good at ? 
text: I am good at sprint and table tennis . 	labels: You are excellent . 	episode_done:True
text:I guess I'd better go now . 	labels: I've got to be going now too . 
text: In that case , I'll be seeing you . 	labels: See you later . 	episode_done:True
text:Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning . 	labels: I know them . They are the two brothers living next door . 
text: Brothers ? Do you know why they quarreled ? 	labels: It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers . 
text: Is there anybody acting as mediator in the dispute ? 	labels: No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' . 	episode_done:True
text:Steward ! 	labels: Yes , ma'am ? 
text: May I have a magazine or something ? 	labels: Certainly . Just a moment . I'll be right back with one . Which do you prefer , one in English or in Chinese ? 
text: One in English , please . 	labels: All right , ma'am . 	episode_done:True
text:The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face . 	labels: And ? 
text: And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy . 	labels: Poor child ! 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear who won the English speech contest ? 	labels: No , who won ? 
text: It's George . 	labels: Really ? I'm surprised . I didn't know his English was that good . 	episode_done:True
text:My mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy ? 	labels: An mp4 player ? why don't you buy a new cell phone ? You can find an mp4 player inside any of the latest cell phones . mp4 ? 
text: Oh , that's a good idea . Perhaps I should have a try . 	labels: Look at my cell phone . I can listen to music , watch movies , take pictures , play games , surf the web and download documents . It's just like a PAD . 
text: That's cool . I can use the computer and the internet pretty well , but I'm a little bit slow in the latest trends of digital products . 	labels: That's Ok . you know , digital devices are becoming smaller and easier to carry , and they won't cost you too much . 
text: Yeah , if I buy a cell phone like this , I don't have to take a music player everywhere I go , and I can save the cost of buying an extra mp4 . 	labels: That's right . what's the flash memory of your old mp3 ? 
text: 256MB . 	labels: Then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB . 	episode_done:True
text:how often do i have to do that?	labels:once every two months.	episode_done:True
text:yes, that sounds nice.	labels:how about some potato chips?	episode_done:True
text:What's special for today ? 	labels: Sweet and sour pro chops , Madam . 
text: We'll have it for two people . 	labels: In a minute , Madam . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you studying all day long for ? It ’ s summer vacation ! 	labels: I know ! I hate it ! But I ’ m taking this crash course in math . 
text: Why ? 	labels: I have to take my exams for getting into the university , so I need to prepare . 
text: Do you think it will help ? 	labels: It has to ! I ’ Ve been studying every day , eight hours a day ! I don ’ t know , but the school has a great success record . 
text: Hmm ... Maybe I should sign up too . 	labels: I ’ ll pick up an application form for you at school tomorrow . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of the mode of payment . 	labels: Because this order is a comparatively big one , we would like to pay by time L / C , say , 60 days L / C . 
text: Payment by sight L / C is quite usual in international trade , and as a rule , we only accept payment by sight L / C . 	labels: But we have only moderate mean at hand . If you can do us a special favor this time and allow us to delay payment , we'd really appreciate it . 
text: Accepting time L / C is unusual and I've never done it before , but we could consider your request . I'll phone our company to see what they say . 	labels: Thank you for your consideration . When will you let me know your answer ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , can I help you ? 	labels: We'd like to buy some furniture for our new house . 
text: Here are several sets of furniture , including sofa , dressing table , wardrobe , and sideboard . How about this one ? 	labels: We like a larger wardrobe . 	episode_done:True
text:Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter . 	labels: Thank you . I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast . 
text: Sure it is . This is a changing world . Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month ? They are very useful for us . 	labels: Yes , according to the agenda , there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course . 
text: Well , good for you . I hope you can get what you want from the training . 	labels: I will do my best . 	episode_done:True
text:that was a great trip to washington, d.c.	labels:tell me about it, dad.	episode_done:True
text:My eyes water continuously . Why ? 	labels: Perhaps because of the dirty air . 
text: What is there in the air ? 	labels: Some poisonous gas . 
text: I can't believe that the air in this city is so dirty . 	labels: Yes . I think I won't come here again next time . 
text: So do I . 	labels: We waste a vacation . 	episode_done:True
text:How beautiful the flower is ! 	labels: Really , it's so beautiful . 
text: You like it . Well , I'll gather it for you . 	labels: You mustn't pick it in this place . 
text: Where is it ? 	labels: It's a private garden . 	episode_done:True
text:I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans . 	labels: Really ? I ’ m not sure that I would like all the attention . There have been numerous cases of paparazzi interfering with star ’ s private live in recent years . 
text: I love being photographed ! If I were famous , I ’ d do interviews for all the top magazines , like cosmo and elle . 	labels: I wouldn ’ t mind having my photo taken a few times or being interviewed once or twice , but it would get tedious after a while . Imagine the things the gossip columnists would write about you . 
text: no-one really believes gossip columnists . 	labels: I think you ’ ll find that many people believe what they read in gossip columns . You ’ d also have to be very careful about every word you said . If you appeared on a chat show and said something silly , it would be reported in all the newspapers and magazines . 
text: I think you ’ re right about that . I ’ d need a good manager to be my spokesperson . I could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people . 	labels: That ’ s a great idea . Which charities would you support ? 
text: I love children , as you know , so probably a children ’ s charity . 	labels: You ’ d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity , so you ’ d really need to be very careful . Anyway , I ’ d be the first to buy your posters and I ’ d attend your first book-singing when you wrote your autobiography . 	episode_done:True
text:City Bank . This is Tom . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I am expecting some money wired to my account from Taiwan . Would you please check if the money available yet ? 	episode_done:True
text:you're joking.	labels:without gravity, you would go up.	episode_done:True
text:Have you bought War Craft 2 yet ? 	labels: Yeah ! I bought it the day it was released . 
text: How do you like it ? 	labels: It's a great game . There are a lot of new characters . 
text: Did it cost very much 	labels: It cost about thirty . Most games cost about that much . 
text: Mechwarrior is such a good game . The graphics are awesome ! 	labels: Oh , I know what you mean . I'm addicted to that game . 
text: My roommate always wants to play it . But I told her to buy her own game . 	labels: Yeah , my roommate likes to watch me play . He says it's like watching a movie . 
text: I've never seen such good graphics . 	labels: And I've never heard such good sound in a game . 	episode_done:True
text: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	labels: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	episode_done:True
text:Your resume mentioned that you had been the surveyor , which was a concurrent job , of a certain market survey company . What was your main work content ? 	labels: My main duties include designing survey sheets , transferring them to the dispatchers , making telephone covering on blurred information and processing the data and doing the primary analysis . 
text: What had you gained mainly from this survey activity ? 	labels: First , it was how to design survey sheets according to the subjects , because we had to prevent the questions from being too influential and we must make sure that every question was balanced and equitable . Secondly , it was how to get information through telephone covering in the fastest and most effectively way , because the person doing the survey usually doesn ’ t have the patience to wait for long feedback . So the way we put up questions must be clear and direct and only by this means can we get accurate data . 	episode_done:True
text:I am tired of everything in my life . 	labels: What ? How happy you life is ! I do envy you . 
text: You don ’ t know that I have been over-protected by my mother these years . I am really about to leave the family and spread my wings . 	labels: Maybe you are right . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Yes , I would like to have a suit made to measure . 
text: Sure . How do you like your suit ? 	labels: I want a single breasted suit . Here is the cloth . 	episode_done:True
text:did you feed the cat?	labels:i'll do that in a minute.	episode_done:True
text:Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in . 	labels: I see . You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale ! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it ’ s the end of the year . 
text: Perfect ! I like this one . 	labels: That is the Ford Focus . A very light but powerful vehicle . It comes with dual side airbags , power steering and power windows , tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission . 
text: Sounds like a good car ! How many miles to the gallon ? 	labels: It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway . 
text: That is really convenient . Especially now that fuel prices are so high ! What ’ s under the hood ? 	labels: A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine , Trust me , this car is fast ! 
text: Now for the most difficult question . What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle ? 	labels: Very affordable mam . You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year ! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back . 	episode_done:True
text:Are they challenging?	labels:Yes,but they're kind of fun!	episode_done:True
text:Where do you want to go ? 	labels: I want to go to Lid Hotel . 
text: I'm sorry , but you got on the wrong bus . 	labels: Which bus should I take then ? 
text: You should change to the No . 701 bus at the next stop . 	labels: Thank you so much ! 	episode_done:True
text:How do I buy my textbooks ? 	labels: Do you have your book list for your class ? 
text: Yes , I have my list . 	labels: Fine . Once you have it , you can go to the bookstore . Do you know where that is ? 
text: Yes , I know where the bookstore is . 	labels: OK , so once you pass the gym , it's the first door on your left . Do you know you can also sell your used textbooks there ? 
text: No , I didn't know I could do that . 	labels: You just take them with you and trade them with the used textbook man just outside the door . Do you think you will be going there today ? 
text: Yes , I am going today . 	labels: Well , if you decide to go , I could meet you over there at 1 
text: Yes , thank you . That would be great . 	labels: Well , then , I'll talk to you later . Have a good day ! 	episode_done:True
text:the husband of the driver who ran over two college students at 3 a.m.	labels:oh, yeah. the girl died instantly, and the boy is still in the hospital.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , Richard ? Are you busy at the moment ? 	labels: Not really , Betty . What do you need ? 
text: My fax machine ’ s on the blink . Would you take a look at it ? 	labels: Sure . I just need to do one other job first . How about if I come up around 11:30 ? 	episode_done:True
text:When the interview finally comes to an end , the interviewee will probably breathe a sigh of relief . 	labels: Still , you should not let down your guard . Some details should be paid attention to . 
text: At this moment you can thank the interviewer again for the opportunity of the interview . 	labels: You can also ask the interviewer about your performance today . 
text: Don't forget to ask when you can receive a reply . 	labels: And it's best to ask about the second interview if necessary . 
text: You should state politely that you will wait for the results patiently . 	labels: You can ask questions about the position you are applying for . 
text: In this case , you should remember to give thanks for the reply you get . 	labels: Of course . 
text: Just say goodbye to the interviewer before you leave . 	labels: Besides , remember to make acknowledgments through an E-mail or a call . 	episode_done:True
text:where did you lose it?	labels:i have no idea.	episode_done:True
text:OK , Mr . Wu . You may come in . I'm Anne Smith and on my right , my colleague , Anna Duncan , and on my left , Angela Lamb . Do please sit down . 	labels: Thank you . Good afternoon Mrs . Smith , Miss Duncan , Miss Lamb . 
text: Your English is fluent . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: How do you think of the weather today ? 	labels: I don't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? 	labels: I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . 
text: May I ask what time he will come back ? 	labels: I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? 
text: I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . 	labels: OK . I will do that . 
text: Thank you very much . Bye . 	labels: You're welcome . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:have you done your homework?	labels:not yet.	episode_done:True
text:Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll . 	labels: I don ’ t know whether I am a Barbie Doll or you are one . 
text: Maybe I am a Barbie Doll , but I won ’ t do Barbie Doll things . 	labels: Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up . 	episode_done:True
text:The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! 	labels: Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . 
text: That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying ! 	labels: Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded . 	episode_done:True
text:Okay , well I ’ m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position . 	labels: Yes , well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone , but there were some details I ’ d like to clarify . 
text: Well feel free to ask me anything , and I ’ ll try to fill in the details . 	labels: Could I first ask about the remuneration package ? 
text: Yes , of course . That ’ s quite an important point , isn ’ t it ? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum . This doesn ’ t include a generous housing allowance also . 	labels: I understand . And are there other bonuses included ? 
text: Well , apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers . But we could go through all the details of that at a later date . 	labels: Well , Mr . Parsons , I am flexible when it comes to salary . The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'm looking for a book on Chinese history . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you feeling OK ? 	labels: My stomach is bothering me . 
text: What have you been eating ? 	labels: I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch . 
text: Maybe the food had something wrong with it . 	labels: It could be bad food , but I didn ’ t feel so well yesterday , either . 
text: Have you been under a lot of pressure lately ? 	labels: I haven ’ t been under any more stress than usual . 
text: Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around . 	labels: I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me ! 	labels: Yes . Can I help you ? 
text: We're ready to order . A cup of coffee for me , and a glass of oranges for her . 	labels: Yes , how would you like your coffee ? 
text: Just black coffee . Do you serve anything else besides drinks , say cake . 	labels: We also serve sandwiches and cakes . 	episode_done:True
text:i switched from pasta to potatoes.	labels:why did you do that?	episode_done:True
text:rained out?	labels:yes, rained out.	episode_done:True
text:The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . 	labels: Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? 
text: Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . 	labels: Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ? 
text: I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves . 	labels: You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different . 	episode_done:True
text:that was a long time ago.	labels:it was before i was born.	episode_done:True
text:Maybe we'd better go now . 	labels: It's still early . 
text: Gosh , it's already 10 . Stay here if you like . 	labels: Since we're late , let's go to see a film . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? 	labels: Hi Steve . This is Mike . What are you doing ? 
text: Oh , hi . I was just watching TV . 	labels: There's nothing to watch right now . 
text: I know . I was watching a re-run . I have nothing to do and I was bored . 	labels: Me too . Let's get together and do something . 
text: I'd like to , but I have to meet my parents in an hour for dinner . How about tomorrow ? 	labels: Yeah . Let's plan something tomorrow . 
text: Did you hear the weather forecast for tomorrow ? 	labels: I think it is going to be the same as today . Clear and sunny . 
text: That's great . We can do something outdoors then . 	labels: Are there any special events going on tomorrow ? 
text: Yeah . I think there's a live outdoor concert by the river tomorrow . 	labels: Oh yeah . I heard about that too . Let's go check it out . 
text: Do you know what time it starts ? 	labels: It starts at one PM . 
text: Let's meet for lunch at eleven thirty and afterwards , we can head over there . 	labels: Perfect . I'll see you in front of the apartment at eleven thirty . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , I need to come in and see the doctor . 	labels: Are you scheduling a check-up , or are you ill ? 
text: I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at . 	labels: Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash ? 
text: No , but I have a low fever . 	labels: I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday . Which one would work best for you ? 
text: I want to come in on Wednesday . 	labels: I can fit you in on that day at 10 
text: I would prefer Dr . Smith . 	labels: You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time . 	episode_done:True
text:Is English acceptable for you ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: What's your name ? 	labels: Jenny Madison . 
text: What ’ s your nationality ? 	labels: Nigerian . 
text: What is your date of birth ? 	labels: 15th of April , 1969 . 
text: And your occupation ? 	labels: I am a painter . 
text: What's your passport No . ? 	labels: 7834623464 3367 . 
text: Where do you live in China ? 	labels: In the Golden Mountain Hotel in Beijing . 
text: You are suspected of smuggling . Do you understand your rights ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:Sam , you ’ Ve got to forgive me . 	labels: Forgive you for what ? 
text: I used your computer . And I ’ m afraid I ’ Ve erased your personal files accidentally . 	labels: No ! Are you kidding me ? 
text: I ’ m afraid not . I apologize . 	labels: I can ’ t believe it ! I have all my important personal documents stored in that computer . It ’ s no laughing matter . 
text: I told you I ’ m sorry . What can I do to make it up to you ? 	labels: Well , you should be sorry ! Don ’ t ever use my computer again ! You can ’ t do anything now , it ’ s too late ! 	episode_done:True
text:This is the Pan-American Club . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I believe you have a luncheon meeting this coming Wednesday . Could you give me some more information about that ? 
text: Yes , of course . The guest speaker is Professor David of a University , and he'll be lecturing about The impact of the Oil Crisis on Latin America . 	labels: Mmm , that sounds very interesting . 	episode_done:True
text:why doesn't it close?	labels:who knows? they said they'll fix it before next season.	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to see that pen . 
text: Oh , that's a really good buy ... Here . There's only one left . 	labels: Can I get it duty-free ? 
text: Sure , if you show me your passport . 	labels: It's not the latest model , is it ? 	episode_done:True
text:that's a good idea.	labels:do you want me to wake you in an hour?	episode_done:True
text:i've never been to a french restaurant.	labels:i think you'll love the food.	episode_done:True
text:Jenny , what's your favorite color ? 	labels: I like red . 
text: Now , we're going to draw an apple in your sketch book . What do we use ? 	labels: Dad , I want to draw with crayons , can I ? 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ? 	labels: Yes , please . 
text: OK . I'll get the bellman to taka them up . Which bags are yours ? 	labels: My luggage is in the corner over there . They are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack . 
text: OK . 	labels: Please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy . 
text: I'll let the bellboy know . Don't worry , he's very strong . 	labels: And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too . 	episode_done:True
text:Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat . 	labels: Fine with me , but no more chafing dish . 
text: Let's go to the food stall . There's a good one just around the corner . 	labels: I'd love to try some snacks . 
text: ( Later .. ) Everything looks tempting . What do you want to have ? 	labels: Kebabs and roast squid . 
text: Can I have a bite ? 	labels: Help yourself . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . May I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . 
text: All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? 	labels: My name's Donald Eakins . 
text: How do you spell your last name , Mr.Eakins . 	labels: It's E-A-K-I-N-S . 
text: E-A-K-I-N-S.First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr.Eakins ? 	labels: It's 1446 Pine Street . 
text: 1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , it is . 	episode_done:True
text:I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . 	labels: We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . 
text: I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . 	labels: We need to find a good realtor . 
text: Not necessary . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . 	labels: What do you mean ? 
text: Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . 	labels: But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . 
text: Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . 	labels: I still think we should have a realtor . We're new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has any problems . 
text: Of course we need a house inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . As for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . 	labels: So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? 
text: It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . 	labels: And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? 
text: Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . 	labels: Why ? 
text: That is because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . 	labels: Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . 
text: It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That's why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome . 	labels: I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like . 	episode_done:True
text:really?	labels:yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.	episode_done:True
text:I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me . 	labels: What's that ? 
text: I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry . 	labels: Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt ? 
text: No , thank you . 	labels: That's the most important thing . 
text: It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid . 	labels: Forget about it . 
text: When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway . 	labels: Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well . 	episode_done:True
text:This is Milton in room 402 . I would like to check out . Can anyone help me with my baggage ? 	labels: Yes . The porter will go and help you . 
text: Thanks a lot . By the way , please call a taxi for me . 	labels: OK , sir . 	episode_done:True
text:I have found it quite different here from China since I came to the United States . 	labels: What's the difference ? 
text: Some friends of mine took me to the mall to go shopping . It was so big . I think I could get lost if I went there alone . 	labels: You must have bought many things in the mall ? 
text: Not really many . I was told that on weekends there were always the flea markets , so I decided to come to the flea market to buy a bargain . 	labels: It's wise to do it . The Americans have the habit of selling their junk when they are moving to another place , so they usually display all the things they want to sell in their gardens at the weekend . And many things they are selling still look quite new and they are also very useful . 
text: I have heard about it while in China . it is called a " yard sale " . I didn't have any idea of that until today when I came here to the big " yard sale " . 	labels: You must have got many useful things for your new apartment . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think ? 	labels: It looks great . 
text: I would like to purchase it . 	labels: Will this be cash or charge ? 
text: Here , take my credit card . 	labels: Just sign here , please . 
text: Sure . Here you go . 	labels: Here's your receipt . Have a nice day . 	episode_done:True
text:He ’ s got laid off again . I do feel sorry for him . 	labels: Do you really ? 
text: What do you mean ? 	labels: Well , I just think he deserves it . 	episode_done:True
text:We've settled price , order , payment , now I am calling to ask about package . How can we pack the goods ? 	labels: As a rule , we use cardboard boxes for outer packing . Besides , I would like to make it clear that each piece of computer will be dismantled into several parts before shipment . 
text: Do you mean that we are responsible for putting them together ? 	labels: Yes . As you know , that's the common practice for exporting computer . This can avoid some damages on computers in the process of transportation . 
text: I see . Why not use wooden cases ? 	labels: If you prefer wooden cases , we will provide them . But cardboard boxes are light , less expensive , and more convenient to handle in the course of packing and unpacking . 
text: Oh , I know . Does it mean that shipment will have to be delayed if I insist on using wooden cases ? 	labels: Perhaps . That will be more complicated , if we use wooden boxes . 
text: Then you may use cardboard boxes for outer packing so long as you can guarantee the safety of the computers . 	labels: That is guaranteed . Each box is lined with foam plastic in order to prevent damage by air , water or stress . Besides , cardboard boxes will be secured together on wood pallets by overall metal strapping . 	episode_done:True
text:because he likes to scuba dive.	labels:what's wrong with that?	episode_done:True
text:What's the special today ? 	labels: ' All-you-can-eat ' dinner special . 
text: I don't like to . 	labels: Do you care for seafood ? 
text: Yes , I'm very fond of seafood . 	labels: Which seafood do you prefer ? 
text: I'd like to have red cooked sea cucumber . 	labels: Is there anything else you would like to have ? 
text: Bring me an assorted cold dish , please . 	labels: Would you care for beverage ? 
text: No , thanks . I'm fine . 	labels: What would you like to drink ? 	episode_done:True
text:Are you free next thursday ? 	labels: Yeah , why , is there something going on Thursday ? 
text: A bunch of us in the office are planning a retiring party for Bob , he's been with the office for ages , so everyone was really surprised to hear he took early retirement . 	labels: Bob is retiring , wow ... that's news to me , I had no idea Bob was that old , retirement's still sixty-five , right ? 
text: Retirement age is still 65 , but I think more and more people are retiring earlier , I think Bob's in upper fifties already , he just looks pretty young . 	labels: Wow ... I thought he was early forty stops , why would he want to retire so soon ? 	episode_done:True
text:It's the latest and quite popular among young people . 	labels: Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it . 
text: Sure . Here is your receipt . 	labels: How long is this cell phone guaranteed ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ? 	labels: Some what ? 
text: Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic ! 	labels: Oh , umm , no thanks . 
text: I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines . 	labels: No , I am ok , really . 
text: Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some ! 	labels: Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ? 
text: I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free . 	labels: Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want . 
text: Yeah ? 	labels: I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , which one is of the highest quality here ? 	labels: This one . It is of the best quality and excellently tailored as well . You may try it on . 
text: That is nice . But I don't quite like the collar . 	labels: The collar ? It is just the collar that is popular with young people in Shanghai . 
text: I don't care what others wear . How much is it ? 	labels: 250 Yuan . 
text: Really ? Too expensive . I don't think I can afford it . 	labels: But it is really worthwhile . 
text: OK , anyway , let me have it . 	labels: Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong ? 	labels: I have a headache . These past few days I've been living off painkillers . Man , I feel like my head is going to explode . 
text: You should get acupuncture treatment . My mom was always having headache issues and it was acupuncture that cured her . 	labels: The results are too slow . On top of that , just the thought of smoking needles poking into my flesh frightens me . 
text: They don't just randomly stick you , they find your pressure points . The heat allows the body to immediately respond to the treatment , restoring the body's " chi " . 	labels: But I get scared the moment I see a needle . How could I stand having needles in my body for hours on end ? 
text: The needles are very thin , and as long as the doctor's technique is good , and the patient himself is relaxed , it won't hurt-on the contrary it will actually alleviate pain . Now there are high-tech needles that are micro thin ; they don't hurt at all . However , if you are really scared of acupuncture , scraping or cupping are also options . 	labels: Scraping is too terrifying . When they finish scrapping , your body is all red , as if you were just tortured . Cupping is the same , your body ends up with red circles all over . It looks like someone beat you up . 
text: This only signifies that the toxins have left the body . Actually , there is only discomfort during the treatment process . Once it's over you feel very comfortable . 	labels: Chinese medicine is strange . The patients are already ill , and then the doctor makes them suffer more . 
text: This is the only way to get at the problem . Anyway , if you want to relieve the pain , you are just going to have to be tough and do it . 	labels: Forget it . I don't want to inflict any more pain on myself . In a little while I'll go and buy some more painkillers and take a nap . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ? 	labels: Pardon ? 
text: What university would you enter ? 	labels: University ? Why ? You asked me last year . 
text: Oh , I forget.Sorry . 	labels: I went to Harvard University . 
text: Did you ? And what course did you take there ? 	labels: God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you ? 
text: I've not known.Perhaps , I've got a bad memory . 	labels: I did a B . A . in economics.Remember ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello ? 	labels: Hi , Shelley . Have you had lunch ? 
text: Not yet . 	labels: So shall we have lunch together ? I ’ d like to take you this time . 
text: I ’ d like to , but I can ’ t . 	labels: How come ? 
text: I ’ Ve a lot of paper work to do right now . I ’ m behind schedule . 	labels: All right . Can we make it another time ? 
text: Sure , thanks . 	labels: I ’ ll call you later . Bye . 	episode_done:True
text:Lily , do you know Lizzy ? 	labels: Lizzy who ? 
text: Lizzy smith . 	labels: Of course I do . 
text: Then , Do you know her younger sister ? 	labels: You mean Mary ? 
text: Yes . 	labels: Sure . I know her elder sister Sue and younger sister Mary . 
text: Oh , not bad . Then do you know her mother ? 	labels: Yes , certainly . I know her mother and father , and brother and sisters , too . 
text: That sounds terrific . 	labels: Why do you ask me these questions ? 	episode_done:True
text:Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem ? 	labels: I don ’ t know ! This stupid old car started spewing white smoke and it just died on me . Luckily , I managed to start it up and drive it here . What do you think it is ? 
text: Not sure yet.How about you pop the hood and we can take a look . Mmmm , it doesn ’ t look good . 	labels: What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday last month . It ’ s brand new ! 
text: Well missy , the white smoke that you saw is steam from the radiator . You overheated your engine so now the pistons are busted and so is your transmission . You should have called us and we could have towed you over here when your car died . 	labels: Ugh ... So how long is this going to take ? An hour ? 
text: I ’ m afraid a bit more than that . We need to order the spare parts , take apart your electrical system , fuel pump and engine and then put it back together again . You are going to have to leave it here for at least two weeks . 	labels: What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening ! 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , how do I get to Wall Street ? 	labels: Take the A train south to the Liberty Ave . stop . You should be able to find it from there . 
text: I ’ m sorry , but how do I know the subway train is going south ? 	labels: The southbound A trains say Brooklyn . 
text: O . K . , so it ’ s this one ? 	labels: Yeah . Hey ? What are you doing ? Let the people off the train before you get on . 
text: Oh , sorry . 	labels: Jeez . Tourists . 	episode_done:True
text:every so often, i do.	labels:did you always know how to draw and paint?	episode_done:True
text: College is so boring. All I do is go to class.	labels: You should join some clubs.
text: Are you a part of any clubs?	labels: Yes! I am currently in the Animal Lovers Club and the Knitting Club.
text: What do you do in the Animal Lovers Club?	labels: We do a lot of things! Last week, we walked dogs.
text: That sounds fun. What's the wildest animal you ever interacted with?	labels: I touched a dodo bird a couple weeks ago.
text: Dodo birds are extinct.	labels: I'm just messing with you!
text: You're silly! Okay, I'll join the Animal Lovers Club.	labels: Great! We always welcome new members.	episode_done:True
text:David , recently I established a travelling forum , and now I want to make a plan to hold the first activity . Where can we go for this time ? 	labels: How many members are there in your forum ? 
text: a dozen . 	labels: I think we can visit West Lake . The landscapes are attractive . It is said that just as there is paradise in heaven , there are Su Thou and Hang Thou on earth . 
text: It's surely worth going to . There are ten famous spots there . 	labels: What can we do next after locating the place ? 	episode_done:True
text:I don't think the lecture is very interesting . 	labels: The lecturer is dull , too . 
text: I feel he's like a talking machine . 	labels: I feel the same way . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? 	labels: Yes . Where do you want to go ? 
text: The Workers'Stadium . 	labels: This is the right bus . 
text: Will you let me know where to get off ? 	labels: Certainly.Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops . 	episode_done:True
text:I used to be down on the sales people until I saw her in action . 	labels: She means business , for sure . 
text: Most salespeople seem like half-brains . Zina's definitely an exception . 	labels: We'd better get back to work . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ? 	labels: Yes , here you are . 
text: Thank you . What's your occupation , Mr . Smith ? 	labels: I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation . 
text: You are here on business , aren't you ? 	labels: Yes , I have been invited by the East Import & Export Corporation of China for business talks . 
text: I see . Do you have anything to declare ? 	labels: Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare . 
text: Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brough in . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:Look at these newlyweds . They seem as if they are on top of the world . 	labels: Yes , they do . It's great for them to tie the knot and get married . 
text: People who have just got married feel that the world is right before them . 	labels: Nothing seems to be happier for them . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I leave early today ? 	labels: Sure . I don ’ t mind . 
text: And can I come in late tomorrow ? 	labels: I don ’ t see why not . 
text: And may I take Friday off ? 	labels: Go ahead . It ’ s OK with me . 
text: One more thing . Would you give me a ten-dollar raise ? 	labels: No . 	episode_done:True
text:of course. he stops the fastest cars.	labels:my friend got a ticket for doing 75.	episode_done:True
text: I'm sorry, but today's bus tour has been canceled because of the weather.	labels: Now what am I supposed to do?
text: The hotel's concierge will be happy to find you tickets to a local theater production.	labels: I'm not really a theater person.
text: How about we get you reservations to one of the city's finest restaurants?	labels: That sounds good.
text: What kind of food do you like?	labels: I love seafood, especially lobster.
text: I'll book you a table at the Lobster Shack restaurant then.	labels: Will the hotel provide transportation?
text: We can get you a cab.	labels: I'd prefer a limo.	episode_done:True
text:Some places aren't good to go.But I can show you the right bus to take . It will be no problem . 	labels: We want to see the Statue of Liberty too . 
text: I have never done that myself . But I hear it is very interesting . You two should go . 	labels: You have never gone to the Statue of Liberty ? ! I can't believe it ! But you live here ! 
text: Yes , but I'm very busy with work.And you know how it is , sometimes people don't visit the tourist sites in their own country . 	labels: I know . Are the subway trains easy to take here ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Helen! How is it going?	labels:Fine, thanks for asking and you?	episode_done:True
text:Hello , I ’ d like to speak to Kate . 	labels: I ’ m sorry she is not in at the moment . Can I take a message ? 
text: It ’ s ok . I ’ ll call her back latter . Thank you . 	labels: You ’ re welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? 	labels: No idea . Your guess is as good as mine . 
text: It better be more than last year . 	labels: Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see . 	episode_done:True
text:do you feel better now?	labels:i don't really feel too well yet.	episode_done:True
text:I have a reservation for a single with a bath . 	labels: We're sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . 
text: What's the room rate ? It's little expensive for me.Do you have any other room ? 	labels: Then , how about this room with just a shower ? 
text: May I see the room ? I'll take this room . Is the rate for a room only ? 	labels: No , sir.The tax is included . 	episode_done:True
text:I feel so uncomfortable . 	labels: Are you sick ? 
text: No . The teacher is dragging the chalk over the blackboard . It set my teeth on edge . 	labels: He ’ ll finish writing in a minute . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to use the ATM . 	labels: What ’ s stopping you ? 
text: I ’ m not sure how . 	labels: I don ’ t understand . 
text: I ’ Ve never used one before . 	labels: I can help you figure it out . 
text: What do I have to do ? 	labels: Slide your card into the machine . 
text: Then what ? 	labels: You need to type your PIN in . 
text: What do I have to do next ? 	labels: Click on whichever option you want , and you ’ re done . 	episode_done:True
text:that doesn't make it right.	labels:i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.	episode_done:True
text:Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday ? 	labels: I don't know . I'll have to ask my host mom . 
text: Come on , Mary . This is America . You make your own decisions here . 	labels: But I still have to tell her . 
text: Of course . 	labels: Tell you what , give me your phone number . 
text: It's 555-4321 . 	labels: Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday . 	episode_done:True
text:i went to school today. did you go to school?	labels:i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.	episode_done:True
text:Which countries have you been to ? 	labels: I ’ Ve been to most of the countries in Europe , several countries in asia-china , Japan , korea , and Thailand-and to the united states and Canada . 
text: I thought you had been to Australia too . 	labels: No , but I ’ m planning on visiting Australia and new Zealand soon . I ’ Ve heard that they are beautiful countries . Which is the most beautiful country you ’ Ve been to ? 
text: I think I ‘ d say norway . It has many picturesque fjords , waterfalls , and mountains . 	labels: Isn ’ t it really cold there ? 
text: Well , the north of Norway is almost always cold , but further south it can be fairly warm in summer . It ’ s a wet country , so there ’ s snow almost everywhere in winter . 	labels: I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there . 	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: Hi , this is Sharon in Mr . Reynolds ’ s office . One of your delivery men picked up a package here about an hour ago . 
text: Yes , is there a problem ? Ma ’ am ? 	labels: Well , it still hasn ’ t reached its destination . I wonder if you could track it down for us . Mr . Reynolds is a bit concerned . 	episode_done:True
text:How about going to the cinema tonight ? 	labels: That's great . What's on tonight ? 
text: I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . 	labels: Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . 
text: Don't you think it's too bloody ? 	labels: On the contrary , very exciting . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Elizabeth . How are you ? 	labels: Fine , thanks . 
text: Are you sure you're all right ? You look a bit worried today . Is anything wrong ? 	labels: Well , yes , there is something wrong actually . Perhaps you can give me some advice . 
text: Of course , if I can . 	labels: Well , last night when I returned from the theatre , I found that I'd lost my wallet . 
text: Oh dear ! That's terrible ! What was in your wallet ? 	labels: Well , some money . of course , my visa , all my identity cards and some photos . 
text: Well , if were you , I'd go to the police station straight away and report it . 	labels: Yes , I've already done that , and they said they'd look for it . But we're leaving soon and I need my visa and identity cards badly . 
text: Oh dear ! What a pity ! Are you sure you lost the wallet in the theatre ? 	labels: Yes , quite sure . 
text: I think you should put an advertisement in the China Daily , saying when and where you lost it . 	labels: But that takes too long . 	episode_done:True
text:Good evening , I'm so happy you could come . 	labels: Thank you for inviting me . 
text: What would you like to drink ? 	labels: A glass of white wine would be fine , thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Order ! 	labels: Your Honor , I am ready to make my plea . 
text: What ’ s your plea ? 	labels: I am pleading not guilty . 
text: But all the evidence points to you . 	labels: I am not the guilty party 
text: What are you saying ? 	labels: I am not the person who committed that crime . 
text: Who is ? 	labels: Will you let me go if I tell you ? 
text: We can work something out . 	labels: I have no problem singing like a canary . 	episode_done:True
text: Good morning. How are you today?	labels: I'm doing well. Thank you.
text: Are you here for our workshop today?	labels: Yes, as a matter of fact, I am.
text: That's wonderful. This will help quite a bit.	labels: Will you be giving the workshop?
text: Yes I will, with a couple of my colleagues.	labels: How many people are you expecting?
text: Not many, unfortunately.	labels: What do you mean?
text: Everyone should attend if possible. This makes filing so easy.	labels: I'll tell my friend Joseph. He's coming tomorrow.	episode_done:True
text:I'm feeling wonderful . 	labels: Are you crazy ? The papers make everybody listless . I don't think you are the exception 
text: I'm no exception , and that's why I spent a whole afternoon in the swimming pool . 	labels: I'd better exercise my body too.My limbs are rusty now . 	episode_done:True
text:Some of them seem to be of the latest style . Now I ’ Ve a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish relations with you . 	labels: Your desire coincides with ours . 
text: Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to Bank of Hong Kong , or to our local Chamber of Commerce or inquiry agencies . 	labels: Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mu - dual benefit . Establishing business relations between us will be to our mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about closer ties between us . 
text: That sounds interesting . I ’ ll send a fax home . As soon as I receive a definite answer , I ’ ll make a specific inquiry . 	labels: We ’ ll then make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be conducted between us . 	episode_done:True
text: Trevor, do you like the beach?	labels: I love the beach. The beach is great.
text: OK. Why do you love the beach?	labels: It's nice fresh air, beautiful water, you can play in the sand, and my hobby is surfing, so I like to go surfing.
text: Oh..nice. How often do you go surfing?	labels: I try to go as often as possible, usually every weekend.
text: OK. When do you go to the beach? Saturday? Sunday?	labels: Usually early on a Saturday morning. Try to beat the crowds.
text: OK. What do you do at the beach besides surfing?	labels: Oh, just relax on the sand, watch the people, maybe have a swim, throw a frisbee.
text: OK.	labels: Things like that!
text: How long have you been surfing?	labels: Since I was ten years old.
text: Wow, since you were ten. That's great! -- What do you take to the beach, when you go?	labels: A towel, and my hat, my sunscreen, my surfboard, wetsuit, some food and water, and maybe a radio.
text: OK. Now, you are from Australia. How are the beaches  different in Australia than Japan?	labels: The beaches are much bigger and white sand, clean water, very nice.
text: OK. Well, sounds good. Thanks a lot Trevor.	labels: OK. Catch you later.	episode_done:True
text:they got $1 each.	labels:people stood in line just to get one dollar?!	episode_done:True
text:Are the children all grown up now , Rose ? 	labels: Oh , yes . Laura ’ s the oldest . She ’ s a computer programmer . 
text: Oh , very interesting . And what about Rita ? She was such a bright child — always reading . 	labels: She ’ s a librarian at the public library . 
text: Really ? And Chris ? She was a very pretty little girl . 	labels: Christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in Paris . She ’ s married to a French photographer . 
text: Oh , how interesting . And what about Larry and Rocky ? 	labels: Larry drives a truck . He drives all over the country . We hardly ever seen him . 
text: Really ? Where does he live now ? 	labels: Colorado . 
text: And does Rocky drive a truck , too ? 	labels: Oh , no . Rocky is a pilot . 
text: Really ? Where does he fly ? Does he fly to other countries ? 	labels: Yes . Mostly to England and France . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Linda , this is Todd . 	labels: Todd , good to hear from you ! 
text: I just wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you at the movies last week . 	labels: Me too , Todd ! Thanks for suggesting that great movie . 
text: I also enjoyed it and was wondering if you would like to go for a hike in the mountains with me on Saturday . 	labels: I would love to join you on a hike . Could I maybe bring a picnic lunch for us to eat on the trail ? 
text: Sure Linda , that's a great suggestion . 	labels: Fine then , what time are we going to leave ? 
text: I was thinking maybe 9 o'clock or so , so that we could get started before the heat gets too bad . 	labels: Nine would be perfect . I'll see you then ! 	episode_done:True
text:i think stamps used to cost a penny.	labels:that was a long time ago.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , how can I help ? 	labels: Hello there . I need to buy some foreign currency for a business trip . How much can I exchange ? 
text: That does depend on where you plan to travel . If you are planning to travel to Hong Kong or Macao we can exchange up to 1,000 USD for you . If your destination is elsewhere , we can exchange up to 2,000 USD . 	labels: OK , well , I'm going to Europe . I guess 1,000 USD will be sufficient for now . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ? 	labels: Don't believe him.He ' s a liar . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Mrs . Smith . 	labels: Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother . 
text: What kind of books does she like ? 	labels: She's very fond of detective stories . 	episode_done:True
text:I like pop music very much . 	labels: What ? 
text: I said I like pop music very much.It ' s so lovely . 	labels: Is it ? 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to exchange this dress . 	labels: You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value . 
text: Is there anything on sale today ? 	labels: I'm sorry . There are no sales today . 
text: Are dresses going to be on sale ? 	labels: Everything's going to be on sale next weekend . 
text: That's great . I'll wait . See you next weekend . 	labels: Okay . I'll see you then . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you copy this document for me ? 	labels: It's my pleasure . How many copies would you want ? 
text: A hundred and fifty . No , wait , make that a hundred and sixty . 	labels: Yes , sir . Will there be anything else ? 
text: No , thank you . That will be all for now . 	labels: Your document will be ready in about ten minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:It's time for desserts ! Are you still hungry ? 	labels: I've always got room for something sweet ! 
text: what are you going to try first ? 	labels: I've never tried traditional Greek yogurt , so I want to try that first . 
text: do they serve the yogurt with anything ? 	labels: I believe they add locally produced honey to it . 
text: that sounds good . I'm going to start with an Italian tiramisu . 	labels: do you want to try some of my yogurt . It's a favorite everyday dessert in Greece . 
text: ok . Mmm . 	labels: what do you think ? How does it taste ? 
text: it's nice , but it's rather plain . Do you want to try my tiramisu ? 	labels: sure . I'll just have a bite . 
text: what do you think ? Does it taste good ? 	labels: it's absolutely delicious ! That is the best tiramisu I've ever had ! 
text: I'm glad you like it . I don't care for it . Why don't you finish my tiramisu so that I can try one of those fried bananas ? 	labels: ok . I've had one of those before . They're really sweet and crunchy . 
text: do you know where they are from . 	labels: I believe they are a local delicacy in the South . 
text: do you want me to get you one , too ? 	labels: yeah , why not ? We've already pigged out as it is ! 	episode_done:True
text:So , Paula , where are you from ? 	labels: I'm from Canada , originally . 
text: From Canada ? Where were you born ? 	labels: Montreal . 
text: When did you come to Los Angeles ? 	labels: We moved here when I was fourteen . 
text: Did you go to school here ? 	labels: Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . 
text: Did you get a job right after graduation ? 	labels: No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . 
text: When was that ? 	labels: Let's see ... That was about six years ago . 
text: I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ? 	labels: I studied French . Anyway ... that's enough about me.How about you ? Were you born in L . A . ? 	episode_done:True
text:Look ! That man who is baking bread is so handsome . 	labels: Watch his bread , it seems to be delicious . He had a lot on the ball . 	episode_done:True
text: yay! Turkey and shopping!	labels: not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard that Mel Gibson was arrested by the police last week ? 	labels: No , not yet . Why ? 
text: For suspicion of driving under influence . 	labels: Oh . I am not his fan . 	episode_done:True
text:The City Bank . May I help you , sir ? 	labels: Yes , I'd like to close my account . 
text: May I have your name , please ? 	labels: Adam Smith . 
text: Alright , what's your address ? 	labels: 56 Edison Ave , Apartment 39 , Los Angeles . 
text: When would you like your account closed ? 	labels: Next Friday . 
text: Okay . Where would you like to have your last bill sent to you ? 	labels: 14 May flower Ave , Los Angeles . 	episode_done:True
text:Let's get together this weekend . 	labels: Sounds good . 	episode_done:True
text:Remember that writing contest I entered ? Well , I won first prize . 	labels: Great ! This calls for a celebration . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear peter just retired ? 	labels: Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he ? 
text: He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty . 	labels: Really ? He looks so young . 	episode_done:True
text:there's no sugar or cream in it.	labels:no, it's a taste you have to get used to.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 	labels: Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right . 
text: Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right . 	labels: That's it . It'll take you about five minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you arrange me to see Doctor John tomorrow morning ? 	labels: I ’ m afraid not . He will be not free until 11:30 . 
text: How about 1:30 ? 	labels: Let me check . 	episode_done:True
text: why not?	labels: im old now	episode_done:True
text:I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan . 	labels: How much would you like to borrow ? 
text: A thousand dollars . 	labels: Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems . 
text: What ’ s the current interest rate ? 	labels: Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ? 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , sir . What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'd like to get this prescription filled . 
text: No problem . Please wait a minute . ( She goes to the back for a few minutes . ) Here is your medicine , sir . Take two tablets after each meal and once before bed . 	labels: Thanks . Do you sell aspirin here ? 
text: Yes , our over-the-counter medicine is over there on that shelf . 	labels: Oh , I see it . Do you have multi-vitamins ? 
text: Yes , right over here . 	labels: ( The customer gets the aspirin and vitamins . ) That'll be $ 16.00 . 
text: Here's a twenty . 	labels: Here's your change . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:it's a lovely day out today , isn't it ? 	labels: it's beautiful . Enjoy it while it lasts . It's supposed to get cold tomorrow . 
text: what's the weather forecast for tomorrow ? 	labels: it's supposed to snow early tomorrow morning and then tomorrow afternoon there's a chance of freezing rain . 
text: that doesn't sound pretty . 	labels: do you have any plans for tomorrow ? 
text: well , I was going to drive to Birmingham to see some friends . 	labels: you might want to change your plans . With the cold and wet weather that we're supposed to have tomorrow , the roads are going to be rather slippery . 
text: I suppose I should . I don't like driving in dangerous weather conditions . Do you have any plans for tomorrow ? 	labels: I just have to go to class tomorrow afternoon . 
text: if you're lucky , it'll get cancelled and you can have a snow day ! 	labels: if that happens , then I'll invite you over and we can drink hot cocoa and watch movies . 
text: that sounds like fun . 	labels: hey , look outside ! It's started to drizzle ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Linda . How have you been ? 	labels: Pretty bad . I ’ Ve had a bad cold for three days and still can ’ t get rid of it . 
text: I ’ m sorry to hear that . Is there anything else I can do ? 	labels: No , thanks . 
text: Well , I hope you ’ ll feel better soon . 	labels: Thank you for your concern . 	episode_done:True
text:Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ? 	labels: That depends . What does she look like ? 
text: Well , she's got a beautiful face and long curly red hair . 	labels: How tall is she ? 
text: She's fairly tall , maybe 2 inches taller than me . 	labels: Is she chubby ? 
text: Not at all . She's actually very athletic . 	labels: It sounds like she's pretty good-looking . Does she wear glasses ? 
text: No , but she does wear contact lenses . 	labels: How's her skin ? 
text: She's got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose . 	labels: Does she have any piercings or tattoos ? 
text: I think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos , one on her lower back , one on her neck , and one on her left foot . 	labels: What's the tattoo on her foot like ? 
text: It's a butterfly---everyone in her family has one . 	labels: Even her mother ? 
text: Yes , even her mother . 	labels: What's her personality like ? 
text: She's a lot like me . 	labels: So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true ! 	episode_done:True
text:Mmm . Nice and crunchy . And they leave a space uncovered for you to hold ... 	labels: They're so much fun to eat . You can suck all the coating off first ... 
text: Or just stuff the whole thing in your mouth at once ! 	labels: But that way you're not savoring it . 
text: Whatever . Give me another pack . 	labels: Hey ! The movie hasn't even started and they're almost gone ! 	episode_done:True
text:people today don't like that.	labels:no, today people like lots of action.	episode_done:True
text:Jenny , you should go to bed now . 	labels: But it's still early . 
text: Don't stay up late . 	labels: But Day . I'm not sleepy . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi, how are you?	labels: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	episode_done:True
text:Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? 	labels: I had some bread for breakfast . 
text: Let's go out for brunch . 	labels: Brunch ? 
text: It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also . 	labels: Actually , many Taiwanese wake up late on Sunday mornings , too . It may be a good idea for them to eat brunch instead of eating breakfast and lunch . 	episode_done:True
text:Mom , I finished . 	labels: OK . Could you please help me to clean them ? 
text: Of course . 	labels: Great . At first , you can put the chairs back . 
text: OK . Now I'll put the dishes in the sink . 	labels: Thank you . I'll wash them . 
text: OK . Then I will clean the table . 	labels: Good boy . 	episode_done:True
text:so do i, like "she loves you."	labels:"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah!..."	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ? 	labels: Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes . 
text: That doesn't sound too bad . 	labels: Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo . 
text: Maybe that's what I'll do . Thanks a lot . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:Currently we are looking for business opportunities in northeast China . 	labels: What kind of business do you do ? 
text: We send analysts to companies that run into financial difficulties . 	labels: What kind of clients do you prefer ? 
text: Smaller local companies . We specialize in trade & shipping industry . 	labels: I used to work for a shipping company for six years , and I am quite familiar with some managers . Would your like to meet them ? 	episode_done:True
text:I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room . 	labels: Yes . I've got a small room . 
text: How much is it ? 	labels: 200 Yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed . 
text: OK . Can I see the room now ? 	labels: Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone . 	episode_done:True
text:Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater ? 	labels: Yes , but you can't get there with out a change . 
text: Which bus do I have to change ? 	labels: You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15 . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I be of any help ? 	labels: I have a fifteen-day vacation and I want to have a trip to England . Is there any route that fits me well ? 
text: Yes , of course . How about this one ? It's a new route . 	labels: That's wonderful . By the way , what kind of cabin will I have ? 	episode_done:True
text:well, that should get you something.	labels:but i need something that's reliable.	episode_done:True
text: I'm stuffed.	labels: Of course you are. You ate everything on the table.
text: I don't like to eat leftovers.	labels: I'm glad to hear there's something you don't like to eat.
text: I like my food hot and fresh.	labels: You like to see it disappear.
text: I don't like it reheated.	labels: Well, you'll have hot fresh food tomorrow night.
text: I'm so full I'm going to burst.	labels: You should loosen your belt.
text: I already loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants.	labels: Well, don't stand up, please.	episode_done:True
text:what did they do in the old days?	labels:they brushed with their fingers.	episode_done:True
text:i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.	labels:of course i will.	episode_done:True
text:What a lovely day . The sun is shinning and the sky is so blue . It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a beautiful tan . 	labels: Great idea . Unlike you , I just want to enjoy watching the sea and playing with the sand . I do not want to get a tan because I look good in pale skin . 
text: Come on . Getting a tan symbolizes health and wealth in western countries . 	labels: While the pale color symbolizes beauty and elegance in most Asia countries . 
text: That is a really interesting fact . 	labels: I will bring a big hat and apply a lot of sunscreen before setting off the beach . 
text: Just do whatever you feel like doing . 	labels: ( At the beach ) My bag is so heavy . Let's put the stuff under the tree . 
text: Good idea . It is always cooler in a shade . 	labels: I can't wait to play in the water . My feet are burning when I stand on the sand . 	episode_done:True
text:Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ? 	labels: Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching . 
text: That ’ s ok . I should have told you earlier . This is a company rule . 	labels: Do we also need to punch out after work ? 
text: According to the company rule , we should punch in before 8 o ’ clock and punch out after 5 o ’ clock every work day . 	labels: How about the lunch break , Lucy ? 
text: From 11 thirty to 1 o ’ clock . 	labels: May I ask whether we need to work overtime ? 	episode_done:True
text:i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.	labels:well, thank you. i hope to see you at school tomorrow.	episode_done:True
text:I think we have everything in the contract . Shall we sign it ? 	labels: Wait a minute . I think we have missed an important point . We should include an arbitration clause in the contract . 
text: I believe we can solve disputes through an amicable negotiation . 	labels: I hope so . too . But I still think the provision of arbitration is of great importance to both of us . 
text: All right . I agree with you . But where do we hold arbitration ? 	labels: I suggest the arbitration be held in a third country . 
text: It sounds reasonable . The clause should be like this - any disputes arising from the execution of this contract shall be settled in a friendly way . If no settlement can be reached through consul - nation and conciliation , the disputes shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator . The arbitrator's decision on the dispute is final and binding on the both parties . 	labels: Ok . 	episode_done:True
text:What a lovely day , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes , it's nice and bright . 
text: I hope it stays like this . 	labels: I hope so too . 
text: Is the weather usually like this here ? 	labels: It's usually a bit hotter than today . 
text: What's the weather like in winter ? 	labels: It's pretty cold and it often snows . 
text: I wonder what it ’ s going to be like tomorrow . 	labels: Let's hear the weather report later . What's the weather like in your hometown ? 
text: Neither too cold , nor too hot . 	labels: That's quite a lovely weather . 
text: Yes , especially in spring . 	labels: Have you ever seen a hurricane ? 
text: Once , when I was a child . 	labels: Do they often happen in your country ? 
text: Now and then . 	labels: Oh , it's time for the weather reporter . Let's turn on the TV . 	episode_done:True
text:the May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ? 	labels: I am . I just went to the travel agent ’ s and picked up these brochures . 
text: where are you planning on going ? 	labels: I fancy going to Tibet for a few days . Have you ever been there ? 
text: I went a long time ago , before they built the new train that can take you there . 	labels: would you recommend going there for a few days ? 
text: personally , I think it ’ d be better to go when you have more time . A few days isn ’ t really enough to get acclimatize yourself and to go on a few excursions outside of the capital . 	labels: you ’ re probably right . What do you think about Yangshao ? 
text: it ’ s a beautiful city , but I think it ’ s become too touristy . How about going to a cosmopolitan city like Shanghai or Hong Kong ? 	labels: I ’ d like to get away from the big city life . 
text: maybe you should consider going to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing . I heard they are very relaxing . 	labels: I guess if I only have a few days , I should probably think about going somewhere that isn ’ t far away . 
text: since the May holiday is the high season , you should probably call ahead to reserve a room . Here ’ s the phone number . 	labels: thanks ; I ’ ll give them a call later . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Tony . Fancy meeting you here . How are things going with you ? 	labels: Not too bad , thanks . And you ? 
text: Pretty good ! How are your parents these days ? 	labels: Oh , they are fine . They are enjoying their retirement . 
text: Oh , good . That's nice to hear . Well , I am going to a football match . I need to go . 	labels: Say hi to your family for me . 	episode_done:True
text:the light is on.	labels:open the book.	episode_done:True
text:It ’ s time for me to go now . 	labels: Would you like me to go with you ? 
text: I ’ d rather you stayed in the office and did these things . 	labels: Do you want to type that letter ? 
text: I ’ d rather you typed it . 	labels: Do you want to tell her ? 	episode_done:True
text:what's the weather like?	labels:i don't know. i just woke up.	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me . I want to pay the bill . 	labels: Please wait till your name is called . 
text: OK.Your bill includes the doctor's fee and the cost for a 3 - day supply of medicine . It comes to one hundred yuan . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: Good . Here is the receipt . The dispensary is over there ... By the way , will this be covered by your insurance from work ? 	labels: No , I'll e paying for myself , but I have private medical insurance . 
text: In that case , I'll give you a certificate , so you can get it reimbursed . 	labels: Thanks a lot . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to buy a bus pass . 	labels: What kind of bus pass would you like to buy ? 
text: What are the different kinds ? 	labels: You can get a day , weekly , monthly , or student pass . 
text: Could I get a student pass , please ? 	labels: Sure , can I see your student ID ? 
text: Sure , here it is . 	labels: Very good . 
text: How much for the pass ? 	labels: It's free , but the monthly sticker is $ 24 . 
text: Okay , I'll take it . 	labels: Thank you for your purchase . 	episode_done:True
text:I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose . 	labels: do you have any other symptoms ? 
text: I've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen ? 	labels: just a little . Has your toothache gone now ? 
text: yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway . 	labels: how about your tongue ? Does it still hurt ? 
text: no , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed . 	labels: how did you get that burn again ? 
text: I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago . 	labels: you haven't had much luck lately , have you ? 
text: no , but I'm sure I'll get better soon . 	labels: when's the last time you took your tablets ? 
text: I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch . 	labels: I think it's time you took another does of each . What would you like to drink with them ? 
text: just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much . 	labels: sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup ? 
text: that sounds good . 	labels: soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too . 	episode_done:True
text:Cheese ! It tastes like cardboard . 	labels: I think so . Maybe that ’ s why it ’ s cheap here . 	episode_done:True
text:Taxi ! 	labels: Yes , sir . Where to ? 
text: Wangfujing , please ! 	labels: All right . 
text: Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . 	labels: Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? 
text: I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96.6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . 	labels: But I don't speak English at all . 
text: That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . 	labels: Really ? When is it on ? 
text: It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . 	labels: Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . 
text: The radio has brought us lots of convenience . 	labels: Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it . 
text: With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere . 	labels: So we should take the advantage of it . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , miss . Can I have my dinner please ? I am so hungry . 	labels: Sorry , sir . Dinners are available 20 minutes , drinks are served throughout the flight . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you ? 	labels: Could I speak to Mr Wood , please ? 
text: I'll see a piece available , who should I say is calling , please ? 	labels: John eng 
text: Hold the line , please.Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid.Can I help you ? 	labels: Well , I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week . 
text: I don't think the meet will go on much longer , should I ask him to call you when he is free . 	labels: Yes , that will be easiest . 
text: Could I have your name again , please ? 	labels: Yes , It's John eng . 
text: And the number ? 	labels: 01088256798 
text: Ok , you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then , Mr John . 	labels: thank you for help.good bye . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks . 	labels: I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here . 
text: Oh , that's too bad , Where can you park around here ? 	labels: There is a square in front of us . We can park the car there . 
text: Is a shop there ? 	labels: I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too . 	episode_done:True
text:Would you like something to eat ? 	labels: Thank you . No . I ’ m late for dinner at my house . I really have to go . 
text: Would you like to call home ? 	labels: I ’ d appreciate that . 
text: Please use the phone . 	labels: Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:You say he was around average hight . 	labels: Yeah , that's right , around five nine five ten . 
text: Weight ? 	labels: I'm not sure.Medium , I suppose.Maybe a little on the heavy side . 
text: Any karks on his face ? 	labels: No , I don't think so . 
text: Glasses ? 	labels: No . 
text: what about his hair ? 	labels: Black or dark brown . 
text: Long or short ? Straight ? Curly ? 	labels: Straight , I think , and about average length . 
text: Boy , this surely doesn't help us much.It could be anybody.How about his cloth ? What was he wearing . 	labels: Well , he had a Jacked or a Plage shirt . You know the kind of number jack wear . 
text: Ok , now we are getting some where.Pants ? 	labels: Dark , maybe dark blue maybe black . I'm not sure . 
text: What kind of shoes ? 	labels: Boots 
text: Cow while Boots . 	labels: No , hiking boots . Brown ones . 	episode_done:True
text:Jack , what are you doing ? 	labels: I am reading . 
text: I can see that . But why are you reading advertisements for houses for sale ? Are you buying a house ? 	labels: No , not yet . But I like to see what is available . 
text: Can I have a look as well ? 	labels: Of course , have a seat . 
text: Oh , this one looks really good . And look at the garden . So beautiful . 	labels: Yes , nice . But I prefer this wooden house with a garden fence and a sloping roof . 
text: Yes , but my house has large windows and so gets lots of sun . And it has a small balcony at the top . 	labels: Well , you can't compare a small balcony to this large veranda . This is perfect for having a barbecue in summer . 
text: Talking about a barbecue , didn't you say you are organizing one next week ? 	labels: Yes , next Saturday . I hope you can make it . 	episode_done:True
text:what happened?	labels:i got laid off.	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece ? 	labels: Barbie dolls are quite popular , you know . 
text: You're right . Girls love Barbie . Show me a Barbie doll . 	labels: Take a look at the newest Barbie — Digital Barbie . 
text: She's beautiful . What's the price for Digital Barbie ? 	labels: Our regular price for Digital Barbie is $ 29.95 plus tax . 
text: Only $ 29.95 ? I'll buy it , of course . 	labels: Another one sold . Do you see anything else you would like ? 
text: Thank you , but no . This will do it for now . 	labels: Tax brings your total to $ 32.42 . How would you like to pay ? 
text: Cash , please . 	labels: Here's your change . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . 	labels: There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . 
text: Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . 	labels: You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . 
text: How much is it ? 	labels: 100 frances . 
text: Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! 	labels: We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . 
text: This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . 	labels: You are right . 
text: I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase . 	labels: OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? 	labels: Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? 
text: Maybe sandalwood fan is good . 	labels: Would you show me some ? 
text: Of course . 	labels: They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? 
text: The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . 	labels: I'll take two small ones and a big one . 
text: What else are you interested in ? 	labels: I'm afraid not . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Jack ! How are you doing ? 	labels: Just so-so.You ' re doing all right ? 
text: Same old thing.What about a drink ? 	labels: No thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'd like to have my hair cut . 
text: OK . This way , please . 	labels: You look so busy . 
text: We've particularly busy on Sunday . Please sit here . How do you wish it cut ? 	labels: Short on both sides . Not so much in the middle . 
text: It's a long time since you had a haircut last time , isn't it ? 	labels: Yes . You are right . 
text: How long ago ? 	labels: About two months . 	episode_done:True
text:me too.	labels:why do you hate to go outside?	episode_done:True
text:Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ? 	labels: Is he really ? 
text: Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much . 	labels: Who is he marring ? 
text: A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think . 	labels: Have they set a date for the wedding ? 	episode_done:True
text: I don't recognize any of these streets.	labels: Is this your first time riding this bus?
text: No, I take this bus to school every day.	labels: This bus always drives by these streets.
text: Are you sure this is not just a new route.	labels: I'm pretty sure it's not.
text: Perhaps it could be a detour.	labels: Perhaps you might be on the wrong bus.
text: There's no way this is the wrong bus.	labels: If you don't believe me, maybe you should go ask the bus driver.
text: Wait, I don't think I have to. You're right, this is the wrong bus.	labels: I hate to say I told you so, but I told you so.
text: How could I make such a dumb mistake?	labels: You should get off on the next stop.	episode_done:True
text:It's time to go to bed . 	labels: But mum , we're watching this movie . 
text: I don't care , it's school in the morning . 	labels: Just 10 more minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:maybe you just need to go to the bathroom.	labels:no, that's not the problem.	episode_done:True
text:Ah , Oh ! Are you hurt ? 	labels: I don't think so . I'm just shaken up a little . 
text: Maybe I'd better call an ambulance . 	labels: No , don't bother . I think I'm OK . 
text: Are you sure ? 	labels: Yes , it's OK . 	episode_done:True
text:Shall we go to the library by subway ? 	labels: Yes , it's far quicker and less complicated . 
text: OK . There is no subway in my city . 	labels: Really ? 
text: Yes . Does it operate night and day ? 	labels: Yes , and seven days a week . 
text: Where do we pay the fare ? 	labels: Follow me , please . 
text: Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains ? 	labels: No , you don't have to . 	episode_done:True
text:What ’ s up ? You look so blue . 	labels: Unfortunately , I missed a chance to see a classic movie . 	episode_done:True
text:when are you going to give me those brochures ? 	labels: What ’ s the rush ? You ’ re not leaving for another week . 
text: I know , but I want to make reservations this week . 	labels: Okay . I ’ ll bring them in tomorrow for sure . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: Yes . I want to make a plane reservation to Shanghai , China . 
text: May I have your name , please ? 	labels: Feynman Black . I want to leave on October 15th . 
text: OK . Let me see . Air China has a flight on October 15th at 10:00 in the morning . 	labels: Well , I need an economy ticket . 
text: Single or return ? 	labels: Single . How much ? 
text: Economy fare for single ticket from New York to Beijing is 400 dollars . 	labels: OK . Here you are . Is my ticket confirmed then ? 
text: Yes . Please arrive at the airport one hour before departure . 	labels: OK . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you , sir ? 	labels: Yes , I'm checking out . 
text: Can I have your key and room number , please ? 	labels: Room 1419 . Here's my key . 
text: Here's your bill , sir . Could you please check it ? 	labels: It's all right . Please charge it to my credit card . 
text: Here you are , sir . You're all set . I hope you enjoyed your stay . And that next time you're in town , you will stay with us again . 	labels: I will . Where can I leave my luggage ? I really want to leave after lunch . 
text: The bell captain will put it in the storage room . When you're ready to leave , you can claim your luggage from him . 	labels: Thanks very much . And good-bye . 	episode_done:True
text:I am sorry to make you run down to the office for me . 	labels: No trouble . I enjoyed helping you . 	episode_done:True
text:Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house . 	labels: But yesterday you said you would rent it . 
text: I ’ Ve changed my mind . 	labels: Why is that ? 
text: Well , I think maybe I should find a house that is closer to where I work . 	labels: Maybe you ’ re right . 	episode_done:True
text:Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate ! 	labels: It's a ETV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card . 
text: You won't need it . Stanley , my best man , is going to treat everybody ! 	labels: Where is Stanley ? It was his idea to have the bachelor's party at a ETV , wasn't it ? 
text: If it were up to Stanley , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ! He loves to sing . 	labels: Then I bet he's really good ! 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Claire , you've been really quiet these last few days . Is something wrong ? 	labels: I've been really stressed . It's the end of the year and I've got so much stuff to do ! I feel like I'm drowning in work . 
text: Well , stress is a real thing . It's not an imaginary condition . 	labels: It's seriously affecting my life ! I can't sleep , I don't have much of an appetite and my husband says I've been kind of short tempered . Other people seem to handle stress okay ... why am I so weak ? 
text: You're not weak ... you're stressed out ! Stress has been a part of the human condition for millions of years . Back when we still lived in the trees we had to watch out for predators ... and as you might imagine , that was pretty stressful . 	labels: Yeah , but I don't see any tigers or leopards roaming around our office . My stress is just about silly paperwork ! 
text: But you're actually having the same reaction as our tree-dwelling ancestors ! It's called the flight or fight response . Each time you feel like something's threatening you , your body decides whether to run away or fight ... it causes all sorts of chemical reactions in the body . 	labels: So a deadline will cause that same reaction ? 
text: It could . Modern humans actually have more flight or fight responses than our ancestors did . They just had a couple of close calls every day , but today , we have dozens or even hundreds ! 	labels: So the life of a cave woman was less stressful than my life ? 	episode_done:True
text:You ’ ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married ! 	labels: Wow that ’ s great news ! They ’ re a great couple ! 
text: I know ! Anyways I just talked to Alex ’ s best man and he is organizing the bachelor party It ’ s gonna be so much fun ! All the groomsmen are thinking up all the wacky and crazy things we are going to do that night . 	labels: You aren ’ t going to a strip club , are you ? I don ’ t want you getting a lap dance from some stripper with the excuse that it ’ s your friends party . 
text: Aw come on ! It ’ s just some innocent fun ! You know how these things are ! We are gonna play drinking games , get him some gag gifts and just have a good time . Nothing too over the top . 	labels: Well , I don ’ t know . 
text: Come on ! If one of your friends was getting married I wouldn ’ t mind you going to her bachelorette party ! 	labels: Good , because my friend Wendy is getting married and I ’ m organizing her party ! 	episode_done:True
text:OK , Ann , you spent quite a bit of time in Australia recently so why don't you talk about that ? 	labels: I really liked living in Australia . I was an international student and I studied education at the university of Sydney . And living in Sydney was fantasticbecuase I could go to the beach anytime I wanted and there was a great nightlife in Sydney . There are lots of great clubs . And people were very , very friendly and easy-going and I met a lot of international people in living Sydney . 
text: Mm-hm . How long were you there ? 	labels: I was there for almost a year . 
text: Oh , OK . 	labels: And I travelled a little bit in Australia . I went up the east coast . Up to Frasier Island . Which is a world heritage site . And I saw dingo running along the beach and sharks in the water . We climbed cliffs and went through a rain forest and went camping and then we went up to the ... , which is a but north . And the further north you go in Australia , the hotter it gets . So we were able to go swimming in the ocean and I went diving for the first time but it was a little bit risky cause I didn't have a diving license , so I went on an introductory dive and I saw a giant clam that had a really purple spongy inside that I was able to touch and then the clam closed up really quickly . 
text: So , did you , did you lose your finger ? 	labels: Almost . 
text: Almost . Ah , you're lucky . Um , it's funny , you go in the water and you worry about sharks , but not clams . 	labels: Exactly . 
text: Will you be going back to Australia soon ? 	labels: I'd like to go and live there for at least another year . Probably I'll go back to Sydney or maybe I'll go down to Melbourne because it's a really interesting cultural city . They have lot of museums and parks . 	episode_done:True
text:I always think everybody looks down on me 	labels: Don't be that negative . 
text: How can you be optimistic ? You can see it in their eyes . 	labels: I find it there is no meaning in living this world . 
text: Don't be that negative . 	labels: Really , life is so boring . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you two doing in here ? 	labels: We heard you weren't feeling well , so we came to check on you . 
text: I was sitting there giving out nametags and all of a sudden , there she was . 	labels: Who , Femi ? Yeah , Yi-jun saw her inside . 
text: All these memories of prom night came back to me . I had to be alone . You remember that night ? 	labels: I remember someone spiked my punch . You sat with me in the girl's bathroom ... 	episode_done:True
text:Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll . 	labels: I don ’ t know whether I am a Barbie Doll or you are one . 
text: Maybe I am a Barbie Doll , but I won ’ t do Barbie Doll things . 	labels: Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up . 	episode_done:True
text:What kind of personality do you think you have ? 	labels: I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . 
text: Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? 	labels: I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . 
text: What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? 	labels: I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better . 
text: What kind of people do you like to work with ? 	labels: People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity . 	episode_done:True
text:How is grandpa doing recently ? 	labels: Not good . The doctor told him not to smoke again , but it just rolls off him like water off the duck ’ s back ! 
text: Maybe I would talk with him someday . 	labels: I hope it will be of some use . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: Yes . I bought the can two days ago , but today I found that is beyond the guarantee period . 	episode_done:True
text:Tell me about yourself . 	labels: I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . 
text: What type of position are you looking for ? 	labels: I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . 
text: Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? 	labels: I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . 
text: Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? 	labels: I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . 
text: What is your greatest strength ? 	labels: I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . 
text: What is your greatest weakness ? 	labels: I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . 
text: Why do you want to work for our company ? 	labels: After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team . 
text: When can you begin ? 	labels: Immediately . 	episode_done:True
text:It's terrible how things have changed.You remember there used to be trees on all these hills . 	labels: Really ? There aren't many left now . 
text: No , they've all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away . 	labels: Were there any animals in the forest ? 	episode_done:True
text:no, florida just has hurricanes every year from june to october.	labels:but most of those hurricanes are harmless.	episode_done:True
text:Do you have shoes here ? 	labels: Yes . What do you want to buy ? 
text: I want to buy a pair of shoes for an interview . 	labels: What size do you wear ? 	episode_done:True
text:Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ? 	labels: Don ’ t you have it ? Did you lose it ? 
text: Yes , I did . I lost it . It disappeared . 	labels: Myrdal , purse don ’ t just disappear . Think carefully . When did you have it last ? 
text: I had it when I left the house . I had it when we start to get the hotdog . 	labels: OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard that Jim lost 100 yuan . Do you know that ? 	labels: I don't know . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes . 
text: But some classmates said you took the money . 	labels: It is not true . 
text: Look at my eyes . 	labels: Well , I confess . I did it , because I urgently need money to buy some medicine for my mother for she is badly ill . I'm ashamed that I did that . 
text: Return the money to Jim and make an apology . I think he will forgive you . 	labels: I will . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the Olympic motto ' Higher , faster and stronger ' ? 	labels: Well , it's better than ' Friendship first , competition second ' . 
text: Why ? In my opinion , it doesn't matter whether you won or not . The most important thing is participation . 	labels: I still think nobody plays for nothing . 	episode_done:True
text:What sights are included on the tour ? Is the entire time spent in Paris ? 	labels: All of the major sights are included . You'll visit the Louvre , the Eiffel Tower and all of the top museums . You'll also take a day trip out of Paris to Versailles . 
text: Can you fax a copy of the tour itinerary to me ? 	labels: Of course . Just give me your fax number . 
text: It's 212-331-7600 . 	labels: Okay . I'll fax the itinerary to you immediately . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you a smoker ? 	labels: Yes , I'm afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too . 
text: Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker ? 	labels: No , but my husband smokes twenty or more a day . 
text: When did you begin to smoke ? 	labels: I had my first cigarette when I was seventeen . 
text: Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking ? 	labels: Yes , twice . 	episode_done:True
text:what's on tv?	labels:nothing.	episode_done:True
text:sure. here you go.	labels:hmm, that's not bad.	episode_done:True
text:My name is Mary , and I will be your server this evening . 	labels: Hi Mary . We are really looking forward to a great meal here . 
text: Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out ? 	labels: I would love an appetizer . Are they listed in the menu ? 
text: We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall . 	labels: I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp . How is that ? 
text: That would be a great choice ! 	labels: I'll trust your taste and take one order of that . 
text: We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price . 	labels: In that case , we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice . 	episode_done:True
text:How about the matter ? 	labels: I heard it has been finally settled under the rose . 
text: It ’ s the only way to preserve her reputation . 	labels: Yeah , fortunately it did not cause a disaster . 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? 	labels: Here you are . 
text: Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . 	labels: Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ? 
text: Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat . 	labels: Everyone's attention , please . We are going to take off . Please fasten your belts . 	episode_done:True
text:Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? 	labels: Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . 
text: Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? 	labels: Tonight at seven . 
text: I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . 	labels: In that case , eight o'clock is fine . 
text: Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? 	labels: Four people . 
text: Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ? 	labels: Mark . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have a car on campus?	labels:No,because it is hard to find parking here.	episode_done:True
text:I have to go to bed early.	labels:Why?The night is still young!	episode_done:True
text:We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend . 	labels: How long will the system be down for ? 
text: We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours ' time . It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours . If everything goes according to plan , it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday . 	labels: That's fine . We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you need a guide ? 	labels: Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ? 
text: It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day . 	labels: That's reasonable . 	episode_done:True
text: Hi Jane. Isn't it a beautiful day?	labels: Hi Sarah. Yeah, it's sunny and clear. I think we're going to take our boat out.
text: It's a great day for it.	labels: Would you and Paul like to join us?
text: I would love to. I need to ask Paul. He's at the store. He should be home in a few minutes.	labels: Great! We can pack a lunch and eat on the boat.
text: Sounds like fun. I've never been on a boat before.	labels: You haven't? Do you get seasick?
text: I've never been on a boat so I wouldn't know.	labels: Do you get airsick? Do you have any kind of motion sickness?
text: I don't think so. I don't get sick on planes or trains or long car rides.	labels: That's good. Then you'll probably be ok on the boat.
text: Are you really worried about me being seasick?	labels: Yes and there is a reason why.
text: What is it?	labels: Tom and I took my friend out on our boat once and she got very sick. I felt terrible for her.
text: Oh, I see. I should be ok.	labels: What about Paul?	episode_done:True
text:how were you sick?	labels:i had a stomachache.	episode_done:True
text:i can't believe how hot it is.	labels:it's not even noon yet.	episode_done:True
text:Are you being served , sir ? 	labels: No , not yet . I just want a haircut . 
text: Will you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut ? 	labels: I want it short . 
text: But it's short already , sir . 	labels: I mean very short , shorter than it is now . 
text: Shall I just trim it ? 	labels: No , You can cut quite a bit off . I like it to be very short all over . Do you see what I mean ? 
text: Oh , I see . You like the Chinese style , don't you ? 	labels: Yes , in the Chinese style . 
text: Would you like to have a shampoo , sir ? 	labels: No , thank you . 
text: How about oil or spray ? 	labels: No , nothing of the kind . 
text: There ! How is that ? 	labels: That's very good ! 	episode_done:True
text:Good day to you . How can I be of service today ? 	labels: Hello . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account . 
text: I see . Well , this bank offers many different accounts of this nature . There are 7 to choose from 	labels: Oh dear . I wanted AUD . Is that not possible ? 
text: Well , you could change your Australian dollars into , say British pounds and then open an account . How does that sound ? 	labels: Maybe I'll go for the US dollar account . 	episode_done:True
text:This small town has many serious problems . 	labels: What's the cause ? 
text: The mayor and high officials practice cronyism and a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy many important positions . 	labels: I see why it lags behind other towns . 	episode_done:True
text:Have you decided on something ? 	labels: Yes , please bring us two steaks . 
text: Sure . Anything else ? 	labels: What vegetables come with the steaks ? 	episode_done:True
text:How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? 	labels: Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . 
text: Do you have any carry-on luggage ? 	labels: No . 
text: Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . 	labels: How much is the excess baggage part charge ? 
text: Twenty-two dollars 	labels: Here you are . 
text: This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip ! 	labels: Thank you ! 	episode_done:True
text:Bill , Happy Halloween ! 	labels: Happy Halloween ! What creature are you going to dress up as ? 
text: I will dress up as a vampire with big fangs . 	labels: May I have a look at your costume ? 
text: Sure . Wait a moment . ( Several minutes later ) Here you are . 	labels: I like your black clothes and your fangs are cool . 
text: I will bite many beautiful girls on the neck tonight . Maybe I will suck their blood . 	labels: Haha . Wish you good luck . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you need any help ? 	labels: En , I am looking for the shop . Can you tell me where it is ? 
text: Walk along the way and then turn left , It's right there . 	labels: Thank you . Do I have to pay duty if I want to buy something ? 
text: No , you don't have to . It's a duty-free shop . 	labels: Thank you so much . 	episode_done:True
text:no, i'm not. it's march. time is running out. seats are selling out right now.	labels:i thought i would wait until october.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for coming in today , did you have any trouble finding us ? Please take a seat . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: So , let ’ s get started . tell me a bit about your educational background . 	labels: Sure ! Well , I graduated with honors from Chesterton University with a major in Business Administration , with a specialization in Information Management , and I minored in psychology . I chose this course of study for two reasons . I wanted to gain some practical , marketable skills , which the information management track provided , and I also feel that interpersonal skills are essential for professional success , hence the minor in psychology . 
text: Interesting . And , your postgraduate studies ? 	labels: Well , I am really passionate about consumer behavior , so I pursued a master ’ s in that area . I also strive to keep my professional skills current , so I continuously attend seminars and conferences related management and customer service . 
text: Very good . Now , tell me a little bit about your work experience . I see here that you previously worked at Oracle . 	labels: Yeah , I worked as their customer support manager , which brought me a breadth of experience in both client care , and process management . I supervised and coordinated the customer support team as well as implemented new strategies to achieve better customer satisfaction . 
text: Interesting ... 	labels: Yes , in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company . With the different initiatives that we implemented , we lowered our churn rate to about five percent , which had a direct impact on revenue . 	episode_done:True
text: I'm gaining weight.	labels: How much have you gained?
text: Three pounds just this month.	labels: Do you know why?
text: I think it's the ice cream.	labels: You started eating ice cream?
text: It was on sale.	labels: How much did you buy?
text: I filled up my freezer with ice cream.	labels: Well, it won't last forever.
text: No, I figure I'll finish it all by next week.	labels: Then you can start losing weight, if there isn't another sale.	episode_done:True
text:Doctor Lin's Office . 	labels: I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . 
text: How about 2 o'clock this afternoon ? 	labels: Good , but can you tell me how to get to your office ? 	episode_done:True
text:this bloody computer ! 	labels: what seems to be the problem ? 
text: my computer just crashed again for the third time today ! 	labels: what were you doing when it crashed ? 
text: i was just opening up an attachment in an email about winning the lottery . 	labels: I think that might have been a virus . 
text: oh , no ! I thought it seemed a bit strange . 	labels: what kind of computer do you have , a Mac or a PC ? 
text: it's a PC . doesn't everyone have a PC in this office ? 	labels: no , some people have Macs now , too . 
text: what's the difference ? 	labels: PCs often crash from virus , but it's nearly impossible to get a virus from a Mac . 
text: I didn't know that . 	labels: has your computer turned back on yet ? 
text: yes . 	labels: did you end up losing any of your work ? 
text: fortunately , I saved my work right before it crashed , so it should be OK . 	labels: you should probably call the IT department and have them check your computer for virus . 	episode_done:True
text:What's the matter with you , Paul ? 	labels: I'm not feeling well . I think I'm having a cold . 
text: Looks like it.You need to drink a lot of water and take a good rest . 	labels: Yeah , I will . 	episode_done:True
text:This little wooden stick is called a tee . 	labels: What do you do with it ? 
text: For the first drive , put the golf ball on the tee , and push the tee into the ground . 	labels: Okay . 
text: Pick up a wood and hold it like this , interlocking your fingers . 	labels: OK . 
text: Position yourself , swinging the club , watch the ball and hit it as hard as you can . 	labels: Hey ! 
text: Not too bad . The goal is to get the ball into the hole with as few hits as possible . 	labels: Got it . 	episode_done:True
text:Crazy ! He locked himself in the room . 	labels: I think he was locked in it . 
text: But you can see the key in his hand through the window ! 	labels: What a strange guy ! 	episode_done:True
text:I've had enough of that ! 	labels: Why , this is the most interesting film ! 
text: I hate the hero.He ' s too cruel . 	labels: But it's only a film . 	episode_done:True
text:That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company . 	labels: Yes , I have an overall understanding . 
text: When we have the final results , we will call you . 	labels: Then when will I get a reply at the latest ? 
text: If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks . 	labels: But if I don't pass , will you call me ? 
text: I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful . 	labels: Then do I have the chance to get this job ? 
text: I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers . 	labels: I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation . 
text: Your mentality is very good and that's great . 	labels: Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Crane ’ s office . Sandy speaking . May I help you ? 	labels: Hi , Sandy . It ’ s Walter Knight . I need to book some time with Mr . Crane . 
text: Certainly , Mr . Knight . When would you like to meet with him ? 	labels: Can you see what his schedule is like on Wednesday ? 	episode_done:True
text:Julia , I would like to have a word with you . Have a seat . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: According to your performance , I decided to give you a salary increase . From next month , there will be a 2,000 yuan raise to your salary . Although your first raise might not sound considerable , the company believes that with your ability , sooner or later you'll get a better raise . 	labels: Thank you very much . Mr . George . As a newcomer , I understand that you have your consideration and I am satisfied with the raise . 
text: I think you deserved this . 	labels: Thank you again . I'll keep doing my best . 	episode_done:True
text:Where would you like to have your dinner ? 	labels: I don't care as long as it's a Chinese restaurant . 
text: You don't like Western food ? 	labels: I really find Chinese dishes more to my taste . 	episode_done:True
text:I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ? 	labels: That would be nice . How are you getting there ? 
text: Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car . 	labels: Oh , I'd much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ... 
text: And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train . 	labels: Which is more expensive ? 
text: But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train . 	labels: Now have you ever thought of going by express bus ? 	episode_done:True
text:Did you go camping last Saturday ? 	labels: We went to the coast . It's really a nice place for camping , really good time around the fire singing and dancing . 
text: How many members were in your party in all ? 	labels: There were six of us . 
text: Did you get caught in the bad storm ? 	labels: Yes , we got wet through . But we still enjoyed ourselves . 	episode_done:True
text:I think I'm going to China this vacation.How about you ? 	labels: Me ? I prefer France . 
text: I went to France last summer . 	labels: Oh , really ? I went to China last winter ! 	episode_done:True
text:Why didn't you text me last night ? 	labels: What ? I sent you three or four messages ! 
text: I didn't get any of them . I was waiting for you to text me the address of where the party was and I never got your message . 	labels: Why didn't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages . 
text: Well , because I didn't have any credit on my phone . I used it all up this month . 	labels: I thought you had an unlimited SMS plan ? 
text: I do , but if I don't have any credit in my phone , it won't let me call or send messages . 	labels: No wonder you didn't get my texts ! 	episode_done:True
text:What's going on ? 	labels: Nothing really . How about you ? 
text: A lot , like the party I'm having on Friday . 	labels: Well , that's cool . 
text: Will you be able to make it ? 	labels: I'm busy this Friday . I'm sorry . 
text: What do you have to do ? 	labels: I'm having dinner with my family 
text: Maybe you can come next time . 	labels: I'll make sure and come to your next party . 
text: I'll look for you at my next party . 	labels: I'll be there . 	episode_done:True
text:I hope the host team loses . 	labels: That all depends on how the visiting team shapes . 
text: According to the papers , the visiting side is a strong team in America . 	labels: But two players of the team have been booked and one is out . 	episode_done:True
text:How's everything with you today?	labels:I'm fine. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:How are you ? 	labels: I ’ m fantastic ! 
text: What can I help you with ? 	labels: I want to make a deposit today . 
text: Cash or check ? 	labels: It will be cash today . 
text: How much do you want to deposit ? 	labels: I need to deposit $ 300 . 
text: What account will you be depositing this money into ? 	labels: Deposit it into my checking account . 
text: What else can I do for you today ? 	labels: That ’ s all I need today . Thanks . 	episode_done:True
text:it's the truth. i am really happy.	labels:congratulations on your promotion.	episode_done:True
text:do you have internet in your room ? 	labels: sure , I am a total internet junkie , I can't survive without internet . 
text: really ? What do you usually do online ? 	labels: well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I'm addicted to online chatting . 
text: I never chatted online before . What's it like . 	labels: well , basically it's similar to face-to-face chat , but you type instead of talk . You should try it at least once . 
text: really ? Who do you chat with ? 	labels: to people all over the world ! I have a lot of net pals . See , the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . You can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were 
text: that's amazing . I will install an online messenger program when I get home . 	labels: well , my suggestion for a newbie like you is that don't get lost in the cyberspace . You know internet won't do the filtration for you , so you still need to use your judgement . There are a lot of per 	episode_done:True
text:we want to make sure all the students are out of the building.	labels:if they are all outside, then what?	episode_done:True
text:Can we have dinner together sometime this weekend ? 	labels: Ok , you name the day . 
text: How about the second of March ? 	labels: What day is that ? 
text: It's Friday . 	labels: Good . Where shall we meet ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Nick , what are you up to ? 	labels: Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ? 
text: Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man . 	labels: Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim . 
text: Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower ! 	labels: Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot ! 
text: Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies ! 	labels: The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ? 	episode_done:True
text:Wow ! That ’ s a pretty dress , but it ’ s too expensive . 	labels: Yeah , it is ! Why is it so expensive ? 
text: It ’ s because of good quality and the fine design . 	labels: I don ’ t think it ’ s worth that money . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm sleepy . I can hardly keep my eyes open . 	labels: Why don't you go to bed ? 	episode_done:True
text:turn on the light.	labels:the light is on.	episode_done:True
text:May I have two tickets for Tiny Times ? 	labels: OK . What time ? 
text: 2:30 , please . 	labels: It's 60 yuan , please . 
text: Sorry , we have student cards . We can get discounts with these , can't we ? 	labels: Sure . That'll be 40 yuan , please . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Steven . We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . I want you to find one for us . 	labels: OK . What sort of agent , exactly ? 
text: The agent we are looking for will help us in Britain with publicity , advertising and so on . 	labels: OK . I ’ ll make enquiries . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I help you ? 	labels: I'd like to buy a ticket to Casablanca on flight US125 tomorrow . 
text: Hold on , plese.It will take off at 14:00 tomorrow.The price is $ 110 . 	labels: Well , I want to stay under $ 100 . 	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing over the weekend , Sara ? 	labels: I'm planing to go bowling tonight . Tomorrow I was hoping to see a movie . What about you ? 
text: I want to go camping , you know , just get a way for the weekend . I'm not sure I'll be able to , though . 	labels: Why not ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , Janice . Our first weekend after being employed is coming . Show me your plan . 	labels: My mom phoned me this morning , and asked me to go back home to have housework chores . 
text: What are you assigned to do ? 	labels: God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking . 
text: For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week . 	labels: I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them . 	episode_done:True
text:How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? 	labels: It is 15 minutes ' drive . 
text: What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? 	labels: Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . 
text: Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? 	labels: Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . 
text: It ’ s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ? 	labels: Yes , at the end of the hall . 	episode_done:True
text:Anita , I ’ Ve been here only three days and you ’ re leaving already . 	labels: Just for a few weeks . I need this vacation . You ’ ll be all right . You know the project we ’ re working on , and you ’ re a good scientist . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll be back as soon as I spend or gamble all my money . 
text: Gambling ? Where ? 	labels: Las Vegas . I find gambling relaxing . I don ’ t take it seriously , the way some people do . Besides , I love the shows and the all-night atmosphere of the town . The casinos never close , you know . 	episode_done:True
text:What sort of shift-system do you operate ? 	labels: We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday . We're shut at weekends . This week I'm on the early shift . 
text: Do you ever have to do the night shift ? 	labels: Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day . 	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to open a current account . 	labels: Certainly . May I see your social security and your ID , please . 
text: Here you are . I wonder how much interest can I earn from a current account . 	labels: Oh , current accounts don't pay out interest . 
text: Why is that ? 	labels: It's primarily designed for business transactions . That is , writing checks to pay for bills , buying things and sending money . We won't expect a large amount of deposit in a current account . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you tell me the differences between a letter and a memorandum , Miss Thong ? 	labels: Certainly . A letter must be sent out of the company and must be mailed or posted . A memorandum is a communication within an organization . 
text: Should we use the layout we use for a letter when we write a memorandum ? 	labels: No , not necessary . Usually we have a set form which is printed . We just fill in the printed forms and send it to the person or the offices concerned in the company . 	episode_done:True
text:Did you have a good weekend ? 	labels: Well I wanted to go for a picnic but it rained too much . 
text: Oh I see . So what did you do then ? 	labels: I washed my car instead . 
text: Ahh . And how about on Sunday ? Did you watch the football ? 	labels: No I didn ’ t . I worked in the morning then I played tennis with my husband . 	episode_done:True
text:yes, it is.	labels:people are friendly.	episode_done:True
text: nice nice. I'm gonna go snorkeling yey	labels: Sounds fun! I wish I knew how to swim!	episode_done:True
text:I've really enjoyed your party , Lisa . 	labels: Not at all , Sam . 	episode_done:True
text:It's a perfect day for swimming . 	labels: I am going to the beech . How about coming with me ? 
text: Great ! I love swimming . Besides , I need a tan for Hill ’ s party .. 	labels: Don't forget the sun block lotion . You don't want a sunburn , do you ? 	episode_done:True
text:what do you mean?	labels:i can't get a single channel.	episode_done:True
text:May I help you ? 	labels: My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is . 
text: What dose she look like ? 	labels: She has blond hair and blue eyes . 
text: What was she wearing ? 	labels: She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers . 
text: When did you last see her ? 	labels: I just saw her down the street . I don ’ t know where she is . I don ’ t know ... 
text: How long has it been ? 	labels: Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:like what?	labels:he promised to hire 1,000 more police officers.	episode_done:True
text:Thanks for your hospitality . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:I have a bone to pick with you . 	labels: Okay . Let ’ s clear the air . What are you getting at ? 
text: You always have a chip on your shoulder . 	labels: I ’ m sorry . But I don ’ t meant to get your goat . 	episode_done:True
text:I'll talk to you later . 	labels: What's the rush ? 
text: I have to get off the phone now . 	labels: I'm not ready to get off the phone with you . 
text: There are other things I need to take care of . 	labels: What is it that you need to do ? 
text: Please don't be nosey . 	labels: I'm not being nosey , it's just a question . 
text: You don't need to worry about that . 	labels: That was mean to say . 
text: I am very sorry , but I must go . 	labels: I guess . 	episode_done:True
text:You were right . It's raining again . 	labels: I told you so . 	episode_done:True
text:don't wipe your nose on your sleeve.	labels:but i don't have a tissue.	episode_done:True
text:yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.	labels:did he crash?	episode_done:True
text:eleven cars.	labels:that's terrible. i hope they catch the person.	episode_done:True
text:I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . 	labels: It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves . 
text: Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible . 	labels: Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment . 	episode_done:True
text:three bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a big back yard.	labels:and we can afford it!	episode_done:True
text: I need to wash my clothes.	labels: As a tenant of this apartment, you have access to the washer and dryer.
text: Is that so? I didn't know that.	labels: It's good that you know now.
text: Are there any laundry rules I should know about?	labels: Yes. There are certain hours you are allowed to use the laundry room.
text: What are the hours?	labels: You are only allowed to wash clothes from 6labels:00 p.m.
text: That's good to know. Is there anything else I should know?	labels: You're responsible for your belongings.
text: Well, that's common knowledge.	labels: Also, there is no food or drink allowed in the laundry room.
text: Thanks for going over the rules and hours with me.	labels: It was my pleasure to help a fellow neighbor.	episode_done:True
text:The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned . 	labels: Really ? I thought the exhibition showed that he had real talent . What did you think of it ? 
text: I liked it . I didn ’ t think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly weren ’ t uninspiring , in my opinion . 	labels: I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever read a good review of an exhibition by that critic . He doesn ’ t seem to like anything . Which kinds of paintings do you prefer ? 
text: I like landscapes and still life . You prefer abstract paintings , don ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes , I do . I like painters who use rather than watercolors . The colors appear richer . What do you think ? 
text: I agree . I prefer oils too . I collect landscapes , but I only have a small collection . You have a small collection of abstract art , don ’ t you ? 	labels: Yes . Good artwork is very expensive nowadays . When I was in china , I bought some calligraphy by famous artists . You should come and see it sometime . 
text: That would be nice . Can you read the characters ? 	labels: I know what the characters on the paintings mean . I think Chinese characters look very artistic . It ’ s said that the way they are written can give insight into the artist ’ s character . 	episode_done:True
text:good morning ! 	labels: good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night ? 
text: I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have nay nightmares ! 	labels: that's great news ! You look much more relaxed than you did yesterday . 
text: I feel much better , but I'm still worried about something . 	labels: what's that ? 
text: well , I have to drive to school for a meeting this morning , and I'm going to end up getting stuck in rush-hour traffic . 	labels: that's annoying , but nothing to worry about . 
text: for me , traffic jams are quite stressful , because I'm pretty impatient . How can I prevent myself from getting stressed if I get stuck in a traffic jam ? 	labels: just breathe deeply when you feel yourself getting upset . 
text: Ok , I'll try that . 	labels: is there anything else bothering you ? 
text: just one more thing . A school called me this morning to see if I could teach a few classes this weekend and I don't know what to do . 	labels: do you have any other plans this weekend ? 
text: I'm supposed to work on a paper that'd due on Monday . 	labels: try not to take on more than you can handle . 	episode_done:True
text:how about if i take shorter showers?	labels:that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.	episode_done:True
text:For 2 bucks,I'd better love the movie	labels:There is a huge rip here.	episode_done:True
text:i wasn't picking my nose.	labels:what were you doing?	episode_done:True
text:Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it . 	labels: Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well . 
text: Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out . 	labels: Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us . 
text: Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food ? 	labels: The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one . 
text: Oh , no . 	labels: Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ... 
text: I would think this was the least they could do . 	labels: In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while . 
text: Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away . 	labels: I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately . 	episode_done:True
text:he's old enough to be my father, yet he asked me out.	labels:well, you can't blame a man for asking.	episode_done:True
text:We ’ Ve been over this a thousand times . The data is irrefutable ! Look , we ’ Ve done extensive research , built studies , and read the literature , and there is conclusive evidence to support my theory ! 	labels: Horowitz , I beg to differ . Even in your most recent study , the investigative approach was flawed ! You know as well as I do that the collection of data was not systematic , and there is a large margin of error . To draw a definitive conclusion based on that data would be misleading 
text: That is preposterous ! 	labels: You are trying to single-handedly solve one of the world ’ s greatest mysteries , and yet you are oblivious to the fact that you are wrong ! 
text: I am not wrong ! The chicken came first ! 	labels: No ! The egg came first ! 	episode_done:True
text:I quit my job . 	labels: You can't be serious . 	episode_done:True
text:Tell me something about your Valentine's Day . 	labels: Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate in return . 
text: So romantic.young people must have lot of fun . 	labels: Yeah , that is what the holiday is for , isn't it ? 	episode_done:True
text:We've got a problem ... it looks like we'll need more spotlights on the exhibition booth . The client thinks it's too dark , and they want to add halogen lighting . We've already got 3 sets of track lighting from you guys , do you think you could help us out and throw in some halogens ? 	labels: Oh ... Um ... I don't think so . you know the halogen lighting is much more expensive than your track lighting system . Plus I'm going to have to call in some guys to install it for you . That's not going to come cheap . 
text: But it would only be adding to the existing structure . We're not talking about anything new here ... 	labels: It doesn't matter because we will still have to call the electrician out , and they are union labor . It'll cost you a pretty penny ... 
text: How much do you think it would cost ? 	labels: Mumm , I estimate it'll run in the neighborhood of ... $ 500 per light . 
text: $ 500per light ? ! That's ridiculous ! It can't possibly be that expansive ! 	labels: It is , I'll tell you why . We'll have to call in the electrician , he's going to charge overtime now because it's already 5PM , and it will probably take him an hour a light . Plus , the halogen lights take more electricity , so your electrical cost is going to be higher as well . 
text: Can't you give me a break on this ? We've already spent so much money on lighting , I hate to have to blow so much more on halogens . 	labels: No , that's the cost , and that's what it's going to cost us . We can't go in the hole with this . I am giving you my best price , so take it , or leave it . 	episode_done:True
text:Can I try it on?	labels:Sure, the changing rooms are over there.	episode_done:True
text:Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business ! 	labels: Are you serious ? Gambling is a vice industry built on deception and fed by the intentional exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain ! It disgusts me . 
text: What are you talking about ? How does it exploit people ? 	labels: Well , to begin with , Gambling is addictive , ruins marriages , destroys families and bankrupts communities . Once you are addicted it is very difficult to stop . People have lost their houses , cars and been left out on the street after becoming addicted . Secondly , it exploits because men become addicted to gambling most often because of the action and risk . Women gamble to escape , and senior citizens will start gambling for the social interaction . Underage gamblers often start gambling on sports with friends and then illegal bookies . 
text: Geez ! Now that I think about it , maybe legalizing gambling isn ’ t such a good idea ! Although , I have been to Las Vegas , and I didn ’ t become addicted or anything like that . 	labels: You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize ! 	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to our hotel's indoor swimming pool . What can I do for you ? 	labels: You see this is the first time for me to use the swimming pool . I've got no idea about the water temperature of the pool . I'm afraid it might be a little cold . 
text: You don't need to worry about that . madam . We have a warm massage pool , and the temperature is 36 ° C . 	labels: I see . But I'm not a good swimmer . Can you tell me how deep the pool is ? 
text: Certainly , madam . The deepest place is two meters but you can swim in the shallow area , which is only l . 4 meter in depth . We have separate locker rooms over there and they are free of charge . 	labels: That's great ! Can you give me the key to the locker ? I can't wait to have a try . 	episode_done:True
text:Our supervisor Lester does . Actually , Lester is kind of like the kitchen god . 	labels: The kitchen god ? What does he do ? 
text: He just stays in the kitchen and watches you . Before the Chinese New Year , the kitchen god tells his boss whether you were good or bad this year . Just like Lester does ! 	labels: Oh , no ! I did a lot of bad things this year . I hope the kitchen god isn't like Lester--he blabs my mistakes to everybody ! 
text: Actually , there's a way to keep the kitchen god from telling the bad things you did . 	labels: What is it ? Tell me ! Will it work for Lester , too ? 
text: I think so ! Just serve a lot of sweet dishes next week . That will make the kitchen god say sweet things about you ! 	labels: Hmm . Are you sure that will work ? I already tried giving chocolate to Lester . 
text: And what happened ? 	labels: His face broke out and he said it was my fault ! 	episode_done:True
text:did you even bother to go to school today?	labels:yeah, i went. did you go?	episode_done:True
text:OK , folks , let's get to work . We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign . This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client . 	labels: Well , Let's get down to business ( shall we ? ) Now is probably a good time to start our discussion , the main purpose of this meeting is to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of our new project . 	episode_done:True
text:Well , to come straight to the point , could you tell us something about your new price ? 	labels: Most willingly . It's 600 dollars per ton . 
text: That's a high price . 	labels: But you know , the price of this article has soared up since last year . 
text: I know . But I must say it's still unacceptable . Couldn't you make a discount for me ? You see , we have such a long-term cooperation . And our business could be mutually beneficial . 	labels: OK . I can make a special offer for you . This price is based on careful calculations . And it is the lowest price we can offer to you . 	episode_done:True
text:We can offer you a 5 % discount . 	labels: Your price is rather out of line , much higher than we expected . We can't buy with your offer . 
text: Well , what do you suggest then ? How about 8 % ? 	labels: When we say your prices are much too high , we don't mean the are higher only by 2 or 3 percent . If we are to place an order with you . I think a discount of about 15 % would be sufficient . 
text: What ? You want to drive me bankrupt ! You can't expect us to make such a large reduction . 	labels: There's no point in making a counter offer because the gap is too great . 
text: How about lo % ? This price is already a little tight , our profit margin is not that large . 	labels: Ok . I can settle for that . 	episode_done:True
text:Do I have to take these books here if I want to renew them ? 	labels: You can renew the books over the computer . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of the apartment ? 	labels: I like it , but there is one problem . 
text: What problem is that ? 	labels: The faucet in the kitchen is leaking . 
text: I don ’ t understand what the big deal is . 	labels: That leak is a problem for my water bill . 
text: What you would like me to do about it ? 	labels: The leak must be fixed . 
text: I won ’ t be able to fix it at the moment . 	labels: I will not rent the apartment with that leaking faucet . 
text: If that ’ s the case , then I will fix the faucet . 	labels: Thanks for understanding . 	episode_done:True
text:it's so nice to have a heated apartment.	labels:how did they survive in the old days?	episode_done:True
text:i'd have to say babe ruth.	labels:most people would say that.	episode_done:True
text:What can I do for you ? 	labels: I've got a suit , a woolen sweater and a white shirt to wash . 
text: OK , let me see . This white shirt can be washed in water with hands , but this suit and the woolen sweater should be dry-cleaned . 	labels: That's OK . But that must be costly . 
text: Yes , the cost for dry-cleaning is three times of that for ordinary laundering . But for suits and sweaters , you can only take them to the dry cleaners ' . 	labels: Oh , my wife just threw them into the washer . 
text: Did it ever shrink or fade ? Generally speaking , the dark-colored clothes always fade away gradually . 	labels: I see . The woolen sweater shrunk in the wash . 
text: Never mind . You can leave them to me . 	labels: Oh , thanks . You know , I know little about this , so please tell me something that I should pay more attention to when I do washing . 
text: It's very simple . Divide the clothes by the colors , and wash them in cold water . If you've got some special stains on them like sugar , coffee or something else please let the dry cleaner know . 	labels: I'll keep that in mind . And how much is it altogether ? 	episode_done:True
text: I hate to go outside.	labels: Me too.
text: Why do you hate to go outside?	labels: I meet too many jerks.
text: I agree.	labels: This city is full of jerks.
text: Rude people are everywhere.	labels: But what can you do?
text: You can yell at them.	labels: And they will yell back at you.
text: Yelling doesn't do any good.	labels: No. The best thing to do is just stay home.	episode_done:True
text:Could I ask the company for the housing ? 	labels: Yes , but now we are fresh out of staff quarters . 
text: How will you solve the problem ? 	labels: The company will assign you housing subsidies at 400 yuan a month . 	episode_done:True
text:Mr . Drake , I'm pleased to do business with your company . 	labels: We're glad to be able to offer our services to your business , Mrs . Wayne . 
text: Your company is very well respected . About how long have you been in business ? 	labels: Almost twenty years . We were the first total PR services company of our kind in California . 
text: And this is your company's head office ? 	labels: Well , yes , but now we have six offices in California alone . 
text: That's wonderful . Isn't your company part of ARE Corporation ? 	labels: That's right . We are their sole PR sector business . 
text: That's not bad . How long have you been in PR ? 	labels: Not long actually . So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation . 	episode_done:True
text:How many foreign languages can you speak ? 	labels: Only English . 
text: What do you think of your English ? 	labels: I have passed CET - 6 and I am proficient in reading and translating foreign materials . I have rich translating experience because I used to be an English translator . 
text: Can you speak English fluently ? 	labels: I have received an oral English training and I can communicate with others fluently . 
text: Did you take TOEFL or GRE ? 	labels: Yes , I did . I got 600 in TOEFL and 2 , 300 in GRE . 
text: When did you begin to learn English ? 	labels: I started to learn English when I was in primary school . 
text: Do you think your English is good enough to do office work ? 	labels: The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe the amount of English I know is sufficient to work in a South Korea firm . 	episode_done:True
text: No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.	labels: Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?	episode_done:True
text:Hi , I'm here to check in . 	labels: Would you please fill out this registration 1 form ? 
text: Thank you ... Excuse me , sir . You forgot to fill in your visa number . 	labels: Did I ? Let me see that ... Oh , sorry ... here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Are there any beds vacant ? 	labels: Yes , what kind of room do you want ? 
text: I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower . 	labels: Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower . 	episode_done:True
text:These things are always oooo boring . Heard any gossip ? Anybody making the big bucks ? 	labels: Rich struck it rich in advertising . And he and Cath got married and just had a child . 
text: That's no news . Those two were high school sweethearts anyway . 	labels: Teresa Jones got a boob job . 
text: Uh , I can see that . And Erica Falls has lost a lot of weight . 	labels: I've got something . You saw Taylor Smith ? Looks terrible , doesn't he ? I heard he ... 	episode_done:True
text:I went to Super Junior's concert last night . It was fantastic . 	labels: Really ? Their songs are very popular all round Asia now . I am also a big fan of theirs . 
text: Yes , their new album just came out last week . It is number one on the billboard . 	labels: I really love their dancing . They are all excellent dancers . 
text: The lyrics of the new song are beautiful , too . Can you sing ? 	labels: Sure . I think you can hear the song everywhere you go now . 
text: Let's go buy their new album . Want to come with me ? 	labels: Why not ? 	episode_done:True
text:he stayed on the thirteenth floor.	labels:what happened?	episode_done:True
text:Sandra is actually a blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women . 	labels: That's fate . 
text: I feel sorry for her . 	labels: Maybe this is God's will . 	episode_done:True
text:I ’ m going to be moving out soon . 	labels: You still have time on your lease . 
text: There ’ s no way that I can stay here . 	labels: That ’ s not going to be all right . 
text: I don ’ t understand why . 	labels: I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit 
text: Why can ’ t I have it back ? 	labels: Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over . 
text: You have to give it back to me . 	labels: You ’ re not going to get it . 
text: But I ’ m not able to live here anymore . 	labels: I can ’ t help you with that . 	episode_done:True
text:Cindy , can you show me how to call Connecticut ? 	labels: Who do you know there ? 
text: A good friend of mine is there on a homestay program , too . 	labels: I see . 
text: Is it expensive to make out-of-state calls ? 	labels: Yeah , but it isn't more expensive than international calls . 
text: What do I do here ? 	labels: Easy . Dial the area code for Connecticut ; then dial your friend's number . 
text: That's it ? 	labels: Check the local time before you call . You don't want to wake your friend up by accident . 	episode_done:True
text:My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that . 	labels: What does his dad say ? 	episode_done:True
text:what do you mean?	labels:what's your mailing address?	episode_done:True
text:If you wanna keep healthy , you must give up smoking . It's extremely bad for your health , you know . 	labels: I know it's not good for me , but the problem is I just can't help it . 
text: Well , I've got an idea , put the label cancer sticks on each pack of cigarettes , and read it before you smoke . It may give you a feeling to reduce it . 	labels: I'll try . 	episode_done:True
text:Hey Michael . Where are you going ? 	labels: No where special . I was just taking a walk . 
text: What for ? 	labels: To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape . 
text: Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us ? 	labels: That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play . 	episode_done:True
text:I need to order new business cards . 	labels: Do you have any idea how many you'd like ? 
text: I think 2,000 would be enough . 	labels: Would you fill out this form , please ? 
text: I don't want to make any changes to my old card . 	labels: If you detect any difference , I'll take you out to dinner . 
text: ... Okay , that's it . Here's the form , and here's my old card to use as a model . 	labels: Thank you . Your order will be ready seven days from now . 
text: I need it sooner . Let me have it in three days , okay ? 	labels: We can certainly give you faster turnaround , but it will cost you extra . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you ship this batch of cotton within five or six weeks ? 	labels: What kind of cottons are they ? May I see your list ? Ah , machine prints . 
text: Yes , mainly prints . There are a few plain as well . Here they are . 	labels: I see . And the quantities . 
text: 200 rolls of each . Make it 200 rolls for each sample . 	labels: How many rolls altogether ? 
text: Twenty prints and five plain . That makes 5,000 rolls in all . 	labels: Six weeks , did you say ? 
text: Yes , five to six weeks . 	labels: We could manage the plain rolls in six weeks . The prints might be put off to eight weeks . 
text: Eight weeks ? We can wait that long . 	labels: That's the best we can do just now , I'm afraid . 
text: Can't you make it seven weeks for the prints ? 	labels: What about taking the prints in two shipments ? Two thousand rolls in seven weeks , and the remained a week later . 
text: That might be acceptable . I shall have to cable our Beijing office to get their approval . You can definitely supply in the time you've given me , I suppose . 	labels: Yes , I'll see that you get those delivery . Shipping by ' S . S . American ' as usual , is that all right ? 
text: That's right . 	labels: When can we expect your confirmation of the order ? 
text: As soon as I hear from Beijing , that will be either Friday or Saturday . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:What do you want to know about me ? 	labels: How about your academic records at college ? 
text: The average grade of all my courses is above 85 . 	labels: In which subject did you get the highest marks ? 
text: In mathematics I got a 98 . 	labels: Have you received any scholarships ? 
text: Yes , I have , and three times in total . 	labels: Have you been a class leader ? 
text: I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years . 	labels: Did you join in any club activities ? 
text: I was an aerobics team member in college . 	labels: What sport are you good at ? 
text: I am good at sprint and table tennis . 	labels: You are excellent . 	episode_done:True
text:Where is that ? 	labels: Take me to the airport , please . 
text: Are you in a hurry ? 	labels: I have to be there before 1700 . 
text: We'll make it except a jam.You know it's rush hour . 	labels: There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . 
text: I'll do my best . 	labels: Here's twenty dollars . 
text: Do you have small bills ? 	labels: No.If you can't break it , keep the change.But can you give me a receipt ? 	episode_done:True
text:Interesting lectures , aren't they ? 	labels: Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good . 
text: Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Charies Ford . 	labels: How do you do ? I'm Bob Evans . 	episode_done:True
text:I can't believe it , I had faith in Bob and he let me down . 	labels: I know what you mean . 
text: Really ? 	labels: Yes , he did the same to me . 	episode_done:True
text:she has pretty light brown eyes.	labels:i may know which girl you're talking about.	episode_done:True
text:This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture . 	labels: I had planned to . I can bring some from my place . And there's some more at my parents ' . 
text: Do you have a bed ? 	labels: Of course , I have . There is one in my old house . And I have another one from college at my parents ' house . 
text: That's good . You can put one in this room and put the other one in that room . 	labels: Yeah , it is a good idea . You can stay in my house for the night if you would like to . 
text: Yeah . By the way , can I take a shower ? 	labels: Sure , but I don't have hot water , yet . 
text: Really ? 	labels: No , they're coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on . My phone should be working then , too . 
text: Well , do you want to go outside for dinner ? 	labels: Yeah , I can't cook anything until tomorrow , anyway . Let's go to the restaurant nearby . It's my treat . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi.Ed , what's up ? 	labels: Nothing . 
text: Doesn't look like it to me . 	labels: Just get out of my face ! 
text: Woo , easy . 	labels: Leave me alone ! 
text: What are you so ticked off about ? 	labels: I don't want to talk about it . 
text: Maybe I could help . 	labels: I blew the finally exam . 
text: You've got be joking . 	labels: No , I'm not . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson . 	labels: Is this about the Sales Assistant position ? 
text: That's right . My appointment is for 11 o'clock . 	labels: Mr wilson is on the line right now . Please have a seat . He'll be right with you . 
text: Thank you . 	labels: Can I get you something , coffee , tea ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hi , is you , John ? 	labels: Oh , Jane . What on earth have you been ? I've called you a thousand times . 
text: Sorry , John . I suddenly got a severe stomachache last night , and stayed in hospital the whole day . 	labels: But I called your cell phone , and there was no answer . 
text: I know , I left it at home . 	labels: Do you feel better now ? 	episode_done:True
text:Our factory locates at a village in the east of the city . The area of it is 3,600 square meters . 	labels: We'd like to visit the factory . Can you show me the way ? 
text: That's OK ! We'll take you to have a tour . Please follow me . 	labels: How many shifts are there in your factory ? 
text: There are two shifts now in total . 	labels: What about your company's QC management ? 
text: We established the strict QC standards and we have followed it for about five years with good results . 	labels: Where are the workers from ? From the villages nearby ? 
text: Most of them live in the city . We provide free commuter buses for the workers . Besides , we built the dormitory building for the workers on night shift . 	labels: It sounds nice . We can't wait to visiting the factory . 	episode_done:True
text:Excuse me , could you please turn on the air-conditioner , it's so hot here . 	labels: OK , I will fetch the remote control . 
text: Aha , it's cool now . Can I keep the robot ? 	labels: Yes . Here you are . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you sure this is the right restaurant ? 	labels: Positive . 
text: You don't think you could be wrong ? 	labels: I'm absolutely sure I'm right . 
text: I don't know . It looks a little wrong down . 	labels: This is right . There is no doubt in my mind . 
text: You're a hundred percent sure you want to eat here ? 	labels: Check and double check . 	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon , Mrs.Vale.Please sit down . 	labels: Thank you . 
text: Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs.Vale ? 	labels: Only as a clerk in a store . 
text: I see . Well , consulting is a little different . 	labels: I'm a quick leamer , Mr.Jenkins . 
text: Umm hmm.Do you have a diver's license ? 	labels: Yes , and I'm a very good driver . 
text: Fine.We provide a company car for our consultants . 	labels: Do I have to travel a lot ? 
text: Oh yes-five days a week.You have to visit customers all over the territory . 	labels: But how will I get to know the products ? 
text: You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . 	labels: How much is the salary ? 
text: Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . 	labels: How much commission do your consultants get ? 
text: Five percent . 	labels: Well , I'm very interested in the job . 
text: Fine.The next course starts a week from tomorrow . 	labels: Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Jack , I think it's best that I actively ask for the results of interview . 	labels: That's a good idea ! So you don't need to worry about it . 
text: I think so , too . What do you think about that I write a letter of inquiry to the company ? 	labels: It's OK . You could send an email to the employer via the internet . 
text: Good idea . It is convenient and fast . 	labels: You could inquire about the results directly , but should be politely . 
text: Certainly . 	labels: I think the letter of inquiry should be written briefly . If it's too long , I'm afraid the employer won't have time to read it . 
text: I think that about one hundred words are enough . 	labels: After you send the letter of inquiry , you should pay close attention not to miss any reply . 	episode_done:True
text:Great ! I landed on Classic Movies . 	labels: I didn't know you liked old movies . 
text: I love them , especially the all-time greats like Gone With the Wind . 	labels: You're so right ! Today's movies are just too commercial ! 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me?	labels:How can I help you?	episode_done:True
text:i'll vote for him next time, too.	labels:i think everyone will.	episode_done:True
text:What is your major ? 	labels: My major is Business Administration , I am especially interested in Marketing . 
text: Which university are you attending ? 	labels: I attended Suzhou University . 
text: Have you received any degrees ? 	labels: Yes . I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration . 
text: What course did you like best ? 	labels: Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work . 
text: Do you feel that you have received a good general training ? 	labels: Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school . 
text: English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post , especially in the starting period . Wharfs your ability in these two fields ? 	labels: I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office 	episode_done:True
text:Have you heard of Paul ? 	labels: No , what ? 
text: He's got a promotion . 	labels: You're kidding . 
text: No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . 	labels: Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years . 
text: Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul . 	labels: Well . Good for him . 	episode_done:True
text:Hi Bob , I won't be in work tomorrow . 	labels: Why , what's the problem ? 
text: I have a dentist appointment . 	labels: Okay . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you tell me where you put my book ? 	labels: Which book ? Your cookbook ? 
text: No . A Walk in the Woods . 	labels: Isn ’ t it on the bookshelf ? 
text: No . The bookshelf is full of fashion books . 	labels: Then have you put it in the bedroom ? 
text: No . Now would you like to help me look for the book ? 	labels: Ok . Look ! It ’ s just near your foot . 	episode_done:True
text:Could you introduce some whitening products for me ? 	labels: Please forgive me just being frankly , madam . You don't need whitening products because you look pretty white . But you have freckles on your face . 
text: Then what kind of product can fade freckles ? 	labels: I recommend Nisei products . This brand has a face cream which is effective on fading freckles . 
text: How much is it ? 	labels: 419 yuan . 
text: It is too expensive for me . Do you have something cheaper ? 	labels: I'm afraid there isn't . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you have any English newspapers ? 	labels: Yes , just over there . 
text: I'd like to see some Mandarin textbooks too . Do you have any ? 	labels: Yes , they are just next to the newspapers actually . 	episode_done:True
text:May i help you ? 	labels: I hope so , do you have a shopping skirts ? something i could wear working in a ban ? 
text: Sure , here you are . 	labels: It is nice , may i try it on ? 
text: Yes , the fitting room is over there , it looks fantastic on you , this style color in sizes natural here and figure , perfectly . 	labels: Does this fashion really fit my figure ? 
text: I think so , but the true thing is you look sharp in any style . 	labels: Oh , thank you , just shows you what is going to max jemmy redate for all this body . 
text: Absolutely , i go to there to work three times a week , bend it for 6 month now . 	labels: I thought you recognize she from there . 
text: Oh , you like the rolling machine . 	labels: Yes , it is really good for my arms and shoulders , ok , i will take this one , do you have a blue in this size style ? i want one for my sister , she has a great figure and she loves blue . 
text: No problem , is this blue ok ? 	labels: Oh , good , do you have a discount for two ? 
text: Yes , we do , there is a 90 percent for two . 	labels: That is great , i will take this two , how much is that ? 
text: The total is 90 dollars including tax . 	labels: Ok , 90 dollars , do you accept this card ? 
text: Yes , we do , debit or credit ? 	labels: Debit card . 
text: Please keen your key number here , do you want to any extra cash back ? 	labels: No , thanks . 
text: Have a good day . 	labels: Thanks , you too , how see your maxes sometime . 
text: Great , take care . 	labels: Thanks , byebye . 	episode_done:True
text:If ever you ’ re in Chicago , please do look me up . 	labels: Well , yes , I ’ d like to , if it ’ s not too much trouble . 
text: No trouble at all . I think maybe you will meet some of my friends here as well . 	labels: That ’ d be fine . 	episode_done:True
text:This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable , I think I could fall asleep ! 	labels: Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for ? 
text: I'll have whatever you're having . 	labels: OK . How about some fried spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer ! 	episode_done:True
text:Do you like traveling ? 	labels: Yes , I've just come back from Scotland . 
text: Where did you visit ? 	labels: I only had time to visit Edinburgh . 
text: How did you like it ? 	labels: It's fantastic . 
text: Why did you go there ? 	labels: I went there on business . 
text: And do you have friends there ? 	labels: Yes , a lot of friends . 
text: You must have enjoyed yourself . 	labels: Yes , and I look many pictures . 	episode_done:True
text:What did you do over the weekend ? 	labels: I went a global warming rally . It was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . 
text: Do you think there's anything we can do to reverse the damage that's been done already ? 	labels: It might not be possible to fix the problems that we've created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . 
text: Like what ? 	labels: Well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . 
text: What else can we do to protect the environment ? 	labels: If you do have to drive , you should make sure that your car runs on unleaded petrol . Also , your home should use sources of renewable energy . 
text: How about recycling ? Does that actually help ? 	labels: Yes . You should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center . 
text: What do you think the biggest worry for our future is ? 	labels: I think that the issue of greatest concern is having enough sources of clean water for everyone . 
text: I had no idea you were such an environmentalist before ! 	labels: To be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	episode_done:True
text:so how do you think positive?	labels:i think about nice things.	episode_done:True
text:What are you doing ? 	labels: Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty . 
text: Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful ! 	labels: Yes , I am , but I think it ’ s time for some plastic surgery I ’ m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See ? 
text: I don ’ t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are 25 , stop being ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird . It doesn ’ t look natural . 	labels: Whatever , I think I ’ m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well . 
text: I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ’ t think you need cosmetic surgery . You look amazing . 	labels: I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive . 
text: You don ’ t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts ! 	labels: Really ? 	episode_done:True
text:How is your job search 1 going , Janet ? 	labels: I found the ideal position . I ’ m working for a plumbing company . 
text: Are you serious ? You studied mathematics at college for four years , and now you have a job working with your hands ! 	labels: Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge , and creativity . I love this job . 
text: I can see that . But I didn ’ t know you had experience in that line of work . 	labels: I didn ’ t , but I applied for an apprenticeship , and since I studied math , AND I have a good attitude 4 , my application was accepted . 	episode_done:True
text:Anything else ? 	labels: Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? 
text: Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ’ t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . 	labels: How about sick days ? 
text: You get five paid sick days . 	labels: Any other benefits ? 
text: Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well . 	labels: Great . Thanks so much for your time . 	episode_done:True
text:Ms . Montgomery ? Do you have a moment ? 	labels: Sure , Brian . What ’ s on your mind ? 
text: I ’ m a bit upset about this year ’ s bonus . I was really expecting a little more . Are there any problems with my work ? 	labels: No , not at all , Brian . This year , we ’ Ve all had to cut back . I ’ m hoping next year ’ s going to better . I hope you can understand . 	episode_done:True
text:i agree. pasadena is a nice city.	labels:it's not too big.	episode_done:True
text:Hello there , Sir . I've dealt with you before , haven't I ? 	labels: You remember me ! Yes , I'm with Li Wang Enterprises ; I'm the Accountant Peters . 
text: Yes , of course , Mr Peters ! Good to see you again . What can we do for you today ? 	labels: Well , we've just acquired a new business so we need to set up a lot of services with you . We are particularly interested in Agent Services . 	episode_done:True
text:You look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed . 	labels: Of course , just five minutes ago I got the phone call from Future Clothes Company and I was told to start my trial period in that company next Monday . 
text: Congratulations ! Let's get together sometime . 	labels: Great idea . 
text: Well , I am worried to death right now ! There is still no news from the company for me . 	labels: Let it be ! Time will tell . 	episode_done:True
text:You shouldn't have told her the truth.What can we do now ? 	labels: I'm sorry , It's all my fault . 
text: You are always like this . I've told you many times not to tell her . 	labels: Sorry , I had no intention . 
text: It's too late to say sorry now.Oh , what am I going to do ? 	labels: I know I was an idiot , But if there is anything I can do to make up , Please do tell me . 	episode_done:True
text:I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday . 	labels: Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer . 
text: You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ? 	labels: To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression . 	episode_done:True
text:Come on , Let's go for lunch , Gregory . 	labels: I was going to eat in , I'm short on cash . 
text: Don't worry about it.It ' s on me . 	labels: In that case , I'm with you . Em.this is good . 
text: I agreed , Hi , guess what ? I went bungee jumping last weekend . 	labels: Are you on the up and up ? 
text: Definitely . you know , I'm into serious sport in a big way . 	labels: If you asked me , you've got a screw loose somewhere . 
text: come off it , It's not that serious . You should DIY ( do it yourself ) sometime . 	labels: Fat chance , I'm too scared of bungee jumping . 
text: No , really , I think you'd like it . I adapted to it right off the bat . 	labels: What did that have to do with me ? I'm not the self-seeker like you . 
text: I can teach you how . 	labels: I had a sneaking suspicion about you , Eric , I think you've lost it . 	episode_done:True
text:sometimes i want to throw it out the window.	labels:you don't want to do that.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to Jinyuan Shoe Town . What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'm looking for a pair of white sports shoes to go with my jeans . 
text: White ? What make do you want ? Arid what size ? 	labels: Adidas . Size 38 . 
text: Adidas ? They wear well . Try this pair , Size 38 , please . 	labels: Yes . ( After trying ) A bit tight actually , they pinch my toes . Have you got a larger pair . Size 39 ? 
text: Okay . What about this one ? 	labels: ( After trying ) Mm , this pair fits me well . I'll take it . How much is it ? 
text: You are so lucky . They are on sale today . It costs only 250 yuan . Pay at the counter over there . 	labels: OK . Thank you . 	episode_done:True
text:Can you help me figure out how to use this vending machine ? 	labels: Yes , I would be happy to help . What do you want to buy ? 
text: I want to buy that candy . 	labels: OK . So this machine will make change if you need it . Do you have your dollars ready ? 
text: Yeah , so far , so good . 	labels: Next , you feed your dollars into the machine in the slot . Make sure they are smooth . 
text: Yeah , I already knew that . 	labels: I'm sure you know that if the dollar gets stuck , you might have to re-feed it . 
text: OK , let's move on ! 	labels: Now you just make your selection and pray . If nothing comes out , try again or call the number on the side of the machine . 
text: I hope it works ! 	labels: Well , good luck ! 	episode_done:True
text:what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching ? 	labels: I like current affairs programmes and documentaries , especially wildlife ones . How about you ? 
text: I like those kinds of programmes too . They ’ re very informative . I think that many people underrate the education value of tv . 	labels: I agree . People often criticize tv for showing too much sex and violence . 
text: yeah . And that ’ s so funny because most people prefer watching sex and violence to watching something more educational ! 	labels: right . You can ’ t blame the tv stations for showing popular kinds of programmes . They need to make money from advertisements shown during and between programmes . 
text: in my country , there ’ s a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . I think it ’ s about six minutes per hour . 	labels: that ’ s great idea . But don ’ t the tv station lose a lot of money because of that ? 
text: no . they don ’ t . they simply charge higher prices at peak times . Is there no limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown on tv in your country ? 	labels: not as far as I know . We have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! That ’ s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable tv , where you pay a fixed amount each mo 
text: some people have satellite and cable tv in my country , but people don ’ t seem to keen to pay for their tv programmes . Besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programmes . 	labels: well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on tv in a few minutes . Shall we ? 	episode_done:True
text:would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?	labels:do you know what movie you're going to watch?	episode_done:True
text:Is this your new teacher ? 	labels: Yes , it is . 
text: Is she short ? 	labels: No , she ’ s average . 
text: What color are her eyes ? 	labels: They ’ re dark gray . 
text: What color is her hair ? 	labels: It ’ s blond . 
text: And how old is she ? 	labels: I don ’ t know . 	episode_done:True
text: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	labels: where did you do it?	episode_done:True
text:What do you think of being a secretary ? 	labels: I'm not at all keen on that sort of job.It makes me crazy . 
text: How come ? 	labels: You have to type all day . 	episode_done:True
text:I had fun talking to you . 	labels: It was really nice talking to you also . 
text: I think we should really do something sometime . 	labels: That should be loads of fun . 
text: What do you want to do next time ? 	labels: Would you like to go to dinner or something ? 
text: Yeah , let's do that . 	labels: Okay , until next time then . 
text: I'll call you so we can set that up . 	labels: Talk to you then . 
text: All right , see you . 	labels: See you . 	episode_done:True
text:When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ? 	labels: Next Saturday ? I ’ m sorry . I ’ Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter . 
text: How about Sunday then ? 	labels: Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time ? 
text: Does six thirty suit you ? 	labels: It suits us fine . We ’ ll see you then . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . May I help you , sir ? 	labels: Yes . I want to make a remittance to New Delhi . 
text: Do you want an international money order or a banker's draft ? 	labels: I'd like a banker's draft please . It's not really urgent . 	episode_done:True
text:Mrs . Montgomery ? I ’ Ve been trying to figure out when we should have the New Year ’ s party . Could you take a book at these dates ? 	labels: Sure . The twenty-ninth is out . I ’ ll be out of the office all day at a seminar . Either the twenty-eighth or the thirtieth is fine . 
text: Well , why don ’ t we make it the thirtieth ? We can set it up from three to five . That way , everybody can just go home afterwards . 	labels: Sounds good to me . You make up the invitations , I ’ Ve got run . I ’ Ve got a meeting in five minutes . 	episode_done:True
text:Come in , come in , what can I do for you ? 	labels: Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ? 
text: Yes , I am applying on it . 	labels: I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ... 
text: Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up . 	labels: I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field . 
text: Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll . 	labels: Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you . 	episode_done:True
text:I heard that James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender . 	labels: That ’ s open secret . 
text: But mine could be a lie for his job . 	labels: How did you know that ? 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , Could you please connect me to Mr . Cook's office ? It is on Line Three . 	labels: I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension number . 
text: Oh . Then I don't know what his number is . Can you check it for me ? 	labels: OK . Hold on , please . 
text: OK . Thank you . 	labels: Mr.Cook is on Line Six . I'll put you through . 
text: Thank you . You helped me a lot . 	labels: You are welcome . 	episode_done:True
text: I saw a commercial about a heart medication.	labels: You don't have any heart problems.
text: I know, but the ad suggested I ask my doctor if that medication was right for me.	labels: As your doctor, I can tell you that you don't need any heart medication.
text: Okay, what about this medication that has the commercial with the couple in the bathtub?	labels: What about it?
text: Can you prescribe that to me?	labels: The only thing I am prescribing you is an antibiotic for your strep throat.
text: What do I do with this piece of paper?	labels: Take it to the pharmacy, and the pharmacist will give you the antibiotic.
text: What if it doesn't work?	labels: Come back to see me again.	episode_done:True
text:Is there anything I can do for you ? 	labels: I'm trying to choose a gift . 
text: Did you have anything particular in mind ? 	labels: No , but I'd like to get something typical in this region . 
text: Well , we have some handmade products . Let me show you some . 	labels: They're quite nice . But I'm afraid they're quite a bit expensive . 
text: About how much were you planning to spend ? 	labels: No more than one hundred yuan . 
text: Oh , in that case . This one is OK . 	labels: Oh ! It's perfect . I think I'll take it . Would you wrap it , please ? 	episode_done:True
text:hi , Lander . What's wrong ? 	labels: I can hardly make ends meet these days . 
text: same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . 	labels: my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . 
text: true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . 	labels: definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . 
text: the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . 	labels: is that inflation ? 
text: inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . 	labels: has the government taken some measures to curb it ? 
text: yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . 	labels: but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . 
text: you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . 	labels: how ? 
text: for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense . 	labels: sounds a good idea . 	episode_done:True
text: not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!	labels: any plans?	episode_done:True
text:Hello again . What can I do for you today ? 	labels: Yes , I'm back ! It's nice to see you again . I'm here about those documents . 
text: Ah yes , the ones from Sapporo we were dealing with yesterday ? 	labels: That's right . I had a phone call asking me to come back in , about rejecting them ? 
text: Well , we were contacted by your manager and he said ... 	labels: Yes , we talked about it and thought it was better and significantly quicker to ask the company to pay a Discrepancy Fee . 
text: The customer got back to us this morning and they have agreed to pay a Discrepancy Fee of 100 US dollars . 	labels: That's wonderful news ! I'm glad we decided to rethink our actions ; it's all turned out for the best this way . Thank you for helping us to fix that little problem . 	episode_done:True
text:It ’ s nice meeting you . 	labels: It ’ s nice to meet you , too . 
text: I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . 	labels: Would you like to ask me anything ? 
text: What do you feel about gay marriage ? 	labels: I think everyone has the right to love who they want . 
text: Would you legalize gay marriage ? 	labels: Yes , I would . 
text: Many people won ’ t like that . 	labels: I ’ m sure they won ’ t , but that ’ s my view on gay marriage . 
text: I really like you . 	labels: I really appreciate that . 	episode_done:True
text:Haven't seen you for a long time 	labels: I've been away on a vacation . 
text: I bet you had a wonderful time 	labels: Yeah , beautiful sunshine , pleasant scenery and many new friends 	episode_done:True
text:well, why don't you?	labels:i hate going to parties.	episode_done:True
text:Where is our son , dear ? 	labels: He is in his bedroom . He has been in a bad mood after school . 
text: What happened ? Have you talked with him ? 	labels: Yeah . He told me that he has passed over in the election of monitor . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't know , but he gives me the creeps . 	labels: Just take it easy . If he starts to bother you , let me know and I'll call security . 
text: But what if he knows my name , where I live ... 	labels: Don't get all worked up over him . He's probably harmless . 
text: Actually , he's really good-looking . Too bad he's a weirdo . 	labels: You never know . Maybe he's just an innocent , lonely guy ... 
text: Now he's looking over here ! He's coming ! 	labels: OK ! I'll call security . 	episode_done:True
text:Do you give me a bonus ? 	labels: Yes . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer semi-annual bonuses . 
text: Do you allow any commission ? 	labels: Yes . Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue . And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue . 	episode_done:True
text:Espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . It's strong . 	labels: OK , OK , this is good . Keep talking . What about cappuccino and all those other drinks ? 
text: Cappuccino is one-third espresso and two-thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth . 	labels: Froth ? 
text: If you want something manly , stick with the espresso . 	labels: Thanks , Hugh . I owe you one . 	episode_done:True
text:all night long we heard people snoring.	labels:housekeeping didn't give us fresh towels.	episode_done:True
text: I just came back from eating at the new steak place.	labels: Oh, I've been wanting to go there. How was it?
text: Don't bother going.	labels: Really? Why?
text: It was terrible. The food was cold, and the service sucked.	labels: Oh, no. I was looking forward to trying it out.
text: Like I said, don't bother.	labels: I mean, how bad was the food?
text: It was awful. They got my order wrong, and it was cold.	labels: Well, maybe it was just an isolated incident.
text: I don't think so. I spoke to other diners, and they were disappointed, too.	labels: I guess that means I have to find another place.	episode_done:True
text:Um , which of them is the better typist ? 	labels: Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully . 
text: Is there any difference in their short hand ? 	labels: Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class . 
text: How about languages ? 	labels: Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does . 	episode_done:True
text:good! i just thought i'd let you know.	labels:thanks for telling me.	episode_done:True
text:Hello , this is my claim tag . Can I get my baggage ? 	labels: Let me see . En . Here is your baggage . 
text: Thank you . And where can I get a pushcart ? 	labels: Walk ahead a little further . There are plenty of them . 	episode_done:True
text:Wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous . 	labels: So no more regret now ? 
text: Don't remind me of that . This would be the last time I cut any classes for a basketball game . 	labels: Come on . Don't be so hard on yourself . Enjoy your life . 
text: I just can't help it . Oh , look at Clive , he is really a big hit . They are definitely gonna win . 	labels: It's only seven minutes into the game , too early to cheer up . 
text: Come on , 18 points already , they are never gonna catch up . 	labels: Who knows ! It's a long game . Look ! That was a really nice shot ! 
text: Thay are coming back to narrow the gap . 	labels: Wait , that guy , I know him . He is just a bench warmer . 
text: A secret weapon . They'd better set up the defense now . 	labels: Clive is ready to explode . Keep your eyes open . 
text: Oh , man ! I can't believe it . A slam dunk ! 	labels: Good that he resembled his old , quick self . 	episode_done:True
text:You know who won the election , right ? 	labels: I ’ m still shocked that Obama was elected . 
text: I couldn ’ t believe it , either . 	labels: He just made history . 
text: I hope you voted for him . 	labels: Of course I did . Did you ? 
text: I made sure to vote for him . 	labels: I am really excited about this . 
text: I know how you feel . 	labels: Hopefully , he ’ ll change things in our nation . 
text: I know that he will . 	labels: I trust him . 	episode_done:True
text:Are you ready to order , madam ? 	labels: I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? 
text: Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? 	labels: Does it taste good ? 
text: Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . 	labels: I think I'll try it . 
text: We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? 	labels: French , please . 
text: OK . Do you want to order something else ? 	labels: Milan Style Macaroni . Don't put sugar or salt on it , please . 	episode_done:True
text:Hello , is John in ? 	labels: No , can I take a message ? 
text: No , I'll call back later . 	labels: All right . 	episode_done:True
text:  Our company does not have very good perks.	labels:  We have vacation time.
text:  My friend's company has paid vacation time plus bonuses, retirement plans, gym memberships, maternity leave, and much more.	labels:  Wow!  We don't get any of those.  
text:  I know.  	labels:  Maybe we should try to get a job there.
text:  I've tried.  I applied three times and had no luck.	labels:  Why?	episode_done:True
text:for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.	labels:oh. that's simple enough.	episode_done:True
text:i don't want to go alone.	labels:so, will you be at school tomorrow?	episode_done:True
text:What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ? 	labels: Chicken , please . 
text: Good choice ! 	labels: What kind of drinks do you have ? 
text: Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices . 	labels: In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice . 
text: Anything else ? 	labels: I would like to have some tea as well . 
text: Another flight attendant is coming down the aisle with coffee and tea . 	labels: I see . 	episode_done:True
text:I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working . 	labels: He's out of John's hands . Nothing he can do about such a black sheep . 	episode_done:True
text:It's snowing heavily . 	labels: It is very common in the winter in Ottawa . 	episode_done:True
text:you shouldn't carry your keys and pens in your pocket.	labels:but that's what pockets are for.	episode_done:True
text:Good coming , sir . 	labels: Good coming . 
text: What can I do for you ? 	labels: I'd like a pair of shoes , please . 	episode_done:True
text:I think I'm going to go get some food . 	labels: What do you want ? 
text: I can't decide what to get . 	labels: What kind of food do you want to get ? 
text: I think I might like some Chinese food . 	labels: Do you know where you're going to get it ? 
text: I honestly don't know . 	labels: I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food . 
text: You like the food there ? 	labels: I really like the food . 
text: I think I'll go and get my food there . 	labels: I think you'll enjoy the food . 	episode_done:True
text:I'm checking out in about half an hour . 	labels: Whenever you're ready to check out , I'll be ready , sir . 
text: Great ! As you know however , the day in New York has hardly begun . 	labels: You're right . It's only 9 
text: Therefore , I think I'll explore New York some more . But I need to store my bags . 	labels: Sir , our storage facility is merely $ 5 an hour . You also need to leave a deposit . 
text: My luggage isn't enough of a deposit ? 	labels: Unfortunately , it isn't . VISA or MasterCard will suffice , though . 
text: Well , then . Let me put on my thinking cap for a moment . 	labels: Better hurry , sir . Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour . 	episode_done:True
text:Good morning . Mrs.Smith . 	labels: Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother . 
text: Well , what kind of books does she like ? 	labels: She's very fond of detective stories ? 
text: I see . Has she read any detective stories ? 	labels: Oh , yes ! 
text: Do you know if she's read this one ? 	labels: I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful ! 
text: Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she ? 	labels: She's eighty-seven . 
text: I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting . 	labels: Thank you . That's a good idea.she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ? 	episode_done:True
text:Did you already wash your clothes today ? 	labels: I've only washed my white clothes . 
text: Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours ? 	labels: Is there any special care I should take with your clothes ? 
text: The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle . 	labels: Are there a lot of clothes ? 
text: There aren't a lot of clothes , do you have a lot to wash ? 	labels: It's a medium load . 
text: You don't mind , do you ? 	labels: No big deal . I'll do it for you . 
text: Okay , thanks a lot . 	labels: You're welcome . 	episode_done:True
text:Passport and disembarkation card , please . 	labels: Here you are . 
text: What is your purpose of visiting ? 	labels: Sightseeing . 
text: How long are you staying here ? 	labels: Nine days . 	episode_done:True
text:Why's the plane shaking ? 	labels: It's just some turbulence . 
text: I'm scared . 	labels: Don't worry . The pilot knows what he's doing . 	episode_done:True
text: You are very cool too!!	labels: Hi!	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to rent a car . 	labels: May I see your driver's license , please ? 
text: Here is my international driver's license . What kinds of cars do you have ? 	labels: We have Honda , Citroen and Toyota . Which make and model do you prefer ? 
text: I'll take the Citroen C2 . What is the rate for the car per day ? 	labels: The price is 60 euro per day . Do you want insurance ? 
text: Full coverage , please . 	labels: That's an extra 10 euro a day . 
text: Do I have to fill up when I check in ? 	labels: Yes . 	episode_done:True
text:I went out with Leo last night . It was really exciting . 	labels: Really ? You are a lucky dog . You know , many girls dream of dating him . 	episode_done:True